etc for 200 MB
but yea its pretty easy to parse that into an object with code
i sent a request to skype for it all
and all that was before that is lost unfortunately
holy fuck our data for the 'only real negus' chat is 100k messages since april 2017
idk if ill need more data for non-me people though
yea. we'll see in a week if it works
lul
Im excited to see where it goes lol
itll take probably a long ass tiem just on computational power but
10/10 right
pull all our chat logs from skype and use it to train AI to generate quotes as if they were us
to an even danker one
so i pivoted away from the texting milo league harassment shit idea
ok go on disc
Fucking China ddos
Incredible 
im good
aight
but i gotta eat so in like an hour
i was gonna say play some cuck game
ay fucker
you wanna duck game or mc
then itll send "Hey. We both know you can't play that champ. Dodge now and we won't ban you"
i was thinking less positive but maybe if he plays a non milo champ
gonna look into it this week &amp; next
i havent coded anything but that should be easy based on their api docs
idea rn is a script that regularly sends requests to riot for if he goes into a game and texts him reminders like "dont feed, dont be toxic, whatever" but will ocasionally "malfunction" and text him these at like 2am too
and i want to build something to fuck with milo
and send texts
I got a dev account for riots API and for Twilio so i can hit both now to pull summoner/game/whatever data from riot
yo i need some ideas
tf
how
you wanna game
thatd be good too tbh
november come already
its poppin now. stormlight 4 100%
by 1 point lol
my second was skybreaker
bitch thats gay
lmao the feelings order
i really thought id have skybreaker or truthwatcher
whatd you get
elsecaller
i made the plantation literally just dump the food into fire lul
minecraft?
looks sick as fuck
done
well the house is pretty don
you wanna go on disc
milo and i are gonna mc after this game
well
you wanna pop on mc a bit
trapped a bunch of god tier librarians in a shack by the witch hut. including a mending nibba
though i realize im not all that creative at architecture
gotta join a meeting but i started a mc house
idk
maybe the others will have come back around or smth
i can roll with that when im less busy
and eventually consequences happen 
do whatever you want that week
i kinda wanted to do msm cause its pretty traditional dnd
if we ever do a campaign again you want to retry mission santa monica or do smth different
that hasn't gone great
i tried teaching him to code but
so idk why anyone wouldnt like it
like i said quarantine has been nice for me
ig. or to be away from his mom or smth idk
i dont have to put on pants and hang with my gf and cats and shit all day
i fucking love quarantine 
idk
but its pretty obvious
and hes just irritable and shit
no he said he wants to go outside more
the other is a faggot
one retard has depression and is lashing out cause of the quarantine 
just avoid milo and parsa
i could too
if they want
just too busy rn
and then get either collin or another random
i think after the project part of my fellowship is done in like 3 weeks ill see if miles or someone else wants to run a game
yea ik what you mean
if they get their hands on a staff or wand or smth
and honestly in a campaign with wizards allomancer is still busted
atium is insane
id honestly probably just increase flares by 1-2 and the allomantic ability either goes 3-6 or 4-5
it is short rest regen tho
its like monk where they should just have a few more uses of their abilities
idk why tineye is gained at such a high level
like i said this is surprisingly balanced
or like 34 on average
at level 5 thats 4d8+4x mod a turn
each coinshot is 2d8+2xmod
flare damage isnt bad
dont think allomancer even has to short rest
cause you can push and pull and riot and soothe without slots
idk basically having power all day long is really big
yea thats still huge
bitch even with 30 strength i dont think his standing jump is 20ft
also str doesnt do shit for ranged attacks
is just a mistborn campaign
whole world with only barbarians fighters allomancers maybe feruchemist sorcerer or smth
1 attack i mean
and the other to attack
you can use 1 action to coinshot push yourself up
and throw his weapons around
idk they kind of just hover above his range
this shit sucks against like demons and elementals
cause it doesn't take 200 damage to kill them like a barbarian or smth
and non-allomancers are literally level 5 at best 
like i said this is sick for a mistborn setting campaign where the majority of enemies are just commoners with weapons
but holy shit theres a lot of utility built in
actually this class just does no damage at all
but like i said you just have utility so move enemies instead of hitting them unless you go into thug
its a longbow
coinshot does 1d8+allomantic mod
and has no other utility
but runs out quick
it just has bigger spells and better melee than allomancer
which is also able to do good melee but also cast
oh actually the closest class comparison is hexblade
which would be fun with like 3 allomancers
imo it seems like its fair in combat but has a lot of out of combat use that you have to hard spec into
idk just being able to use coinshot/lurching whatever is pretty weak compared to like a paladin that can cast even half spells
it just means you can be a coinshot that stacks wisdom or charisma for socials
you never double dip
but if you go into physical stats you never use allomancy 
that scales on AA
which why would you if you have coinshot
and you don't use physical stats for like anything but melee attacks
instead of like +5-6 like normal
i don't see how. you don't have a main stat so early game your hit is +4 
ok fucko
ctrl+scroll
zoom in retard
this is kinda sick tho
the one with all the retards in it
yea i just gotta post a link
wait add me back to the main chat i got something i have to post
social distnace
shouldve just stayed the fuck home
its the dumbass protesters who wanted to do it here that are at fault for drawing the looters
tbh my only stance is fuck the police but fuck the looting chimps more
but rn i feel like i should be in the group chat triggering gwyn xd
well you basically got your answer to your first statement within it
loot any rare drops
how are you during the riots
yo
is milos birthday today or tmrw
omegalul
that works too
i mean i can be in the car and yell at you
lul
from a responsible distanc
if youre still in your place downtown ill pop over and say hi
anyway fuck them
which is incredible
not even parsa
and now that its out there i actually know that was the issue
and said hed rather play terraria
legit told him the whole shitstorm happened because he both cancelled on us last week
wasted enough time waiting for this
im gonna go help christina move out
tell milo to fuck himself for me
and people cant even pull that off
this was probably the last one for at least 2 months
the thing is idk if ill even have time
if nobody wants to then its doomed
idk i put too much into campaign to not run it but also
i tried that but
maybe its for the best
literally all started with milo blowing us off lasts minute and saying some shit so
idk what now
i told milo to go fuck himself
shit bitch
well
lmao ok
minecraft?
yea but its also that it extends outside his character
yea. you can drop your take too
obv
and tell jett like either care more or just sit out
i kinda want to talk to at least milo and miles and see how they feel
like if we bring collin in he was inherently good in gestalt
thats good. i think parsa out tho solves at least the second problem
but idk what to say to milo and miles about that to make them also want to do that
with like basically improved sessions
and just play out santa monica
i think basically what id like is just to drop parsa and get collin in
i mean at least in gestalt i kinda just stopped involving him
but the shitty parts are so prevalent
yea ik thats the good part
at some point
everyone else has at least had something good to say
im kinda settled in on like parsa not being in campaign if i run it
were so shit
but the last 2 weeks
and yea i like dnd and its probably the best part of the week
killed literally every bit of excitement i had
then trying to swap before session 2
but like parsa being negative right before session 1
dude im lost. i really liked everything that was built
but also cant stand doing like 10 hours a week of prep and shit just to have people not show up
i still want to run sm with them but like id rather have collin than parsa
idk what i want to do
i wasnt gonna do that anyway
maybe after my fellowship ill try again with these guys
yea i have a copy of it on r20
honestly fuck all of them
its just parsa and jett being faggots
or say anything positive
or read handouts
and i cant even get people to show up
im telling you theres like a few hundred hours of work in there
oh right. its all just under the old stuff folder
drop amonzako round 2
lul. if you ever want me to i can import shit from other games in still
so its completely pointless even playing
but even then nobody shows any actual interest
thats basically what i was gonna do
never once had parsa say anything good
so anyway fuck them. gl
like its 10x more work to put everything together and even then you cant get them to read shit
is that nobody cares. like the whole thing with parsa literally being negative all the time and then we wait for jett and milo only for jett to decide he doesnt want to play
so you see the problem with running for these people
so maybe you can get some use out of it
yet completely abandoning it is a shame since theres a lot of work in there
between parsas negativity in general and today i just decided i dont want to deal with this for a while
and i think youd do better with it than miles
would rather do other stuff with my free time
its too much work each week just for shit like people falling asleep or not showing
its close
r20 cant give the game fully but
you have dm on the alpira game now
Who knows xd
You know someone might know the alchemical recipes
Also you're tied with the monk anyway 
Yea. But it's fine you got more stats for dying xd
yea but if you die you wouldnt make a level 1
yea but if you die you wouldnt make a level 1
youd be the level of the lowest party member
sure if you want. i will say that the town is on the coast tho so any day trips are kinda stuck there
Right
Yea
ez
boat arrives with two notable passengers 
aight. i think itll just be first thing session
or the large albatross ship and you passenger
that you captain
you want it to just be a small ship with you and the guards, like light food supplies and ishi
also ishi is pretty sick
aight
Since it left before all the shit went down
Idc. You can bring like 3 bodyguards or some materials for the town. It's the last shipment so it shouldn't be vital 
if so then yea sure. guards over materials
are you important enough to have guardsmen dedicated to coming with you
Idc what really. Just that you get to arrive in town with the supplies and be all cool
Which crew do you want to meet essentially. And idk they'd probably bring food or lumber or people or smth reasonable
No like the boat is coming to drop supplies and one of the crew to see the town
and are they bringing settlers or supplies or what
like which of the 4 albatross crew is coming on this trip
since your character is coming on this ship i need you to pick some of the shit coming on it
ay
duck game?
yea ik thats why its so gay
cause he uses a bow
true lulw. also hes a paladin who uses a bow
yea. also helena only dislikes alain essentially
and 'hunting accident' his ass in the desert
or at least alain
cause like i was gonna have helena talk to ulmo and oogway and try to get them to turn on the ashina pair
is he connected to ulmo or loyal to him at all
im cool with either one
or like a dundee friend
would he be one of jun's political enemies hoping to take his place
well that makes sense
this particular hayasaki is like a 20th cousin of a 4th son or smth
its part of a different empire and its just a minor house no longer in control of an old outpost
its not bad. but isnt this house a little too minor to bother with
and then after winter they plan to come again and explore the island a little
drop off a few more settlers and some manufactured goods like rubber and shit
this mission is just a preemptive to come meet the mayor
also the ship the character comes on is called 'the albatross'. i made some of the crew available to you
yea sure. thats cool with me
its fun
bruh i spent a whole gnoll sheet to flame parsa
Aight sick
I'll give you details about the ship and shit later
I like it
Sick 
We'll see how the desert goes with her
They really should be. Her favorite enemy is humanoid
crazy bitch
yea now it just looks like youre making shit up or smth
so everyone else is at 10 now youre just at 8
i got rid of that from the sheet
lmao you know whats funny
start sessions off with some internal debate xd
like 'Azai wants to build a shrine to X'
im thinking of doing the townbuliding thing as like the government staff coming up and asking a couple questions at the start of sessions in town
true. its not like town economy wont be useful
its just a flare and a mini grenade lmao
smokesticks and thunderstone particularly
see now the shadow mechanics CAN help the group
cause it took so long
so this crafting thing doesnt go to waste
and take nature and herbalism kit/alchemist kit/blacksmith tools etc
true. ngl im hoping at least 1 or 2 of these goons take my offer to redo their backgrounds
oogway master
wise turtle
hes a monk now lol
like the secrets to leitnaught or the Beyond
she's big picture. she'd probably do it if it meant some knowledge was preserved
Lynelle isn't evil per se but she doesn't particularly care for any individuals and would definitely kill a child for the greater good
not the one I thought youd come to but good enough
lmao yea there you go thats one
not evil
mihara is a neutral god
makes sense. Do you know a powerful wizard of questionable morals
but you can tell me what your plan was
i was planning on finishing gestalt sometime
and also lived another 150 odd years
youre implying she somehow survived azure peak
oooh i like that
like an extra 2 4d6d1
but if you give me some really spicy shit ill let you roll better on the stats or smth
i gave you a backup sheet in case you wanna start working early
god that sounds kinda lit
but i guess one of you has to lose
well id hate to disappoint
i see
so how hard is the int. how quick is he gonna get found
so also the only alchemist by default
dundee is rn the only guy with nature proficiency tho lol
but yea alchemy is cool
is it really smart to tell the dm youre ready to die. thinking.
i literally put on the sheets that like if you come up with smth creative then we can balance it and make it a thing
yea all the crafting stuff is like a guideline
its definitely really strong
also those can be put on ammo so you deal arrow damage + those
and have it be a lingering fire
plus maybe when you make one you can add in like a sticky sap
is good
also 1d10 aoe as a repeatable action
because the sheet lists the basic versions of the items. like with healing pots if you come up with smth that fits like a very rare fireflower then you can create a better one
and the systems not bad. ties into the natural shit and at any point you can just say 'i think this should work in place of X' or 'I have these cool things, what can I make' and then we just make smth
i think crafting will be decently important since its not like theres premade magic items around the island
you have alcemist's acid for dot
which is cooler
like the 4e version
yea but its aoe
actually got this version from 4e
thats the base one
Alchemist's Fire
This sticky, adhesive fluid ignites when exposed to air. As an action, you can throw this flask up to 20 feet, shattering it on impact. Make a ranged Attack against a creature or object, treating the alchemist's fire as an Improvised Weapon. On a hit, the target takes 1d4 fire damage at the start of each of its turns. A creature can end this damage by using its action to make a DC 10 Dexterity check to extinguish the flames.
ngl
i think the contents are pretty sick
or even keep it open
its not like you have to read it while doing anything on the page
its fine if it takes the whole screen
to just expand
i think its narrow enough now
close and reopen once more
as long as its readable
thats...fine i think
nah i want them to be able to just expand it horizontally and fit all
i made it significantly narrower
close the sheet and reopen?
i made it narrower
what
that fix it?
how much can you see up to
how much too wide is it
since the table is like 2/3rds the width of mine
yea. importantly the known formula sheet may be too wide for your monitors
can you look at the sheets under added rules and make sure everythings clear and makes sense
gonna sleep pce
ill talk to you when i have more done after i de-tilt
just cant be too smooth off the bat imo
like if its right away 'i need guards to patrol' and everyones agreeing then like say you need them to find herbs or smth idk
i kinda need you to either try to moderate the extremes or be one of the opposing sides
not like what 'arc' youre gonna have at some point
yea exactly thats what i was telling parsa that your backstory should really matter more in how you interact with the others and what you want to see happen
and someone else would take an opposing stance and try to talk the mayor into their plan
i imagine one person would want the town guard to be doing smth for them or maybe town money to fund a project
then jump right into them rping a breakfast at the tavern
thats sorta the plan. little 2 minute 1 on 1 with each townie
if you have anything particular i can just ask you the question you want
like maybe the new guy likes you cause you prepare him local herbal teas that are really just light drugs
so like idk have some ideas
then for non-governor pcs ask shit like 'hows your relationship with the mayor / what do you think of him / what weird habits' type shit
and having them improv a conversation or story or whatever
anyway ik youre probably better than the other goons at improving shit so i was gonna start session asking each player starting with milo about how they got to this island
that fucker manages to turn what should be constructive criticism into just criticism
fuck parsa
sleep yea
cause theres logical consequences in this game which i feel like i didnt do in gestalt
one of the two
and exiled or hunted
are you prepared to switch if he rolls poorly and gets caught
makes sense
so theres a tug of war with this young manipulatable governor
the atmosphere i envisioned was that everyone has their own thing they want town resources for
i mean im fine with that tho
very cool
actively searching out a sword left by nilgesh
it works
yea but hey
and find a weapon to beat their hexblades
as in genichiro wants to revolution against the tiefling hierarchy
yea but like theyre tied in well
and writing good world-tied in backstory
its weird that miles is the one consistently reading everything
so like why the fuck do we play with them
and ik like milo and jett havent read shit either
i think the most tilting thing is him just talking about how hes not invested in the world or story
lmao yea go eat some guards or farmers
oh wait the creatures journal?
idk how any of those plants have to do with blood drinking but ok
im assuming its drugs
i think i left the players thing on a sheet with a big middle finger drawn
my excitement to run this went from like 90 to 10
thats good
well at least one of us is
i mean i dont even know peoples expectations
like what tho
and idk. i feel like thats a dick move coming into a game with expectations and i dont think anyone else does
and this whole point about expectations and shit
and he insisted like 'kevin had all the pcs rp the moment they left town' 
like i wanted to start session 1 just cold open everyones at breakfast a few months into working together and people rp
its mostly just unhelpful bullshit like suggesting smth and i just say i dont want to and him doubling down on it
like yea i probably did go overboard with the details but i like it and it makes me feel like theres an actual world
every time we play league or smth he brings up things i 'should' do in campaign and it tilts me to no end
fuck that guy
or into kicking parsa
fucking amazing that i havent even started the game and im already tilted out of it
i invited
the fuck
disc
duck game?
get back in disc so we can talk
get in here
hey bitch
im bored of writing
you wanna duck game an hour
hmm
: )
Hunter's Lore. You gain proficiency with two of the following skills of your choice: Animal Handling, Nature, Perception, Stealth, and Survival.
and
Cunning Artisan. As part of a short rest, you can harvest bone and hide from a slain beast, construct, dragon, monstrosity, or plant creature of size Small or larger to create one of the following items: a shield, a club, a javelin, or 1d4 darts or blowgun needles. To use this trait, you need a blade, such as a dagger, or appropriate artisan's tools, such as leatherworker's tools.
you get
maybe not enough to speak with it or see through its many eyes but enough to tap their instincts
like even a lizard stolen away as an egg is still somewhat connected to the Unity
but would still retain this trove of knowledge
but some break free by choice or by chance and pick up a different culture
my homebrew thing going for the lizardfolk is theyre all born as part of the Unity and therefore share its ancestral wisdom
how to hunt, how to gather natural resources, how to use them to craft things
i mean if hes a lizardfolk he has an innate affinity for the land
really bad at distributing them or smth
good at hunting and gathering resources
not much about the other
knows a lot about one aspect of the job
yea thats kinda the point
and making sure the town doesnt broke
in charge of you know. town resources. money, stockpiles, etc
sure. just simplified out to resources advisor maybe
its ambush hunting
sticking with the tiefling hierarchy social structure
well anyway. town will have a japanese name. same empire as rei built and her descendants are the ruling family
thats still hunting
[1587713661] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: i mean crocodiles don't hunt

&lt;&lt;&lt; shit mb. forgot theyre herbivores
lulw
yea but crocodile in charge of game
fish and wildlife division is danker
i thought youd say fish and wildlife
and how did he get there
what was he the advisor to the old mayor of
no objections. ok
but part of that empire
no youre on an island south of it
and instead of it being alera vivendria writing the text for all the handouts/character sheets itll be lynelle
town probably wont actually be santa monica
jin divide and splinter into 3 warring states led by 3 remaining god-warriors and the emperor and his loyalists flee to their little land east of arentia
you'll be part of the Vrucurian Empire established by Rei and exploring/settling the Gigantia island between Decimur and the shield isles
year will be 198 Serpentfall, or 198 years after the end of this one
actually put real work into next campaign and ive finally settled on at least some decisions
wack
aight its time
duck game later. milo and shit
discord
idk
duck game or aom
game
and made me copy paste it
and diego linked her twitter in the chimpest way possible
thats the bitch we played with
cccchttps://twitter.com/YourPrincess?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor

cchttps://twitter.com/YourPrincess?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor

cccchttps://twitter.com/YourPrincess?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor

cchttps://twitter.com/YourPrincess?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor

cchttps://twitter.com/YourPrincess?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor

cccchttps://twitter.com/YourPrincess?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor

cchttps://twitter.com/YourPrincess?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor

cccchttps://twitter.com/YourPrincess?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor

cchttps://twitter.com/YourPrincess?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor

cccchttps://twitter.com/YourPrincess?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor

cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccchttps://twitter.com/YourPrincess?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor

disc
i got like 20 minutes before i gotta sleep
aight you still here
fuck parsa tho
nah kevins cool
so no
ah ok
anyone cool or
im finishing a league game with diego
with who
duck game
like 8 or 9
you got any hard times set with milo and jett
ok i did remember. lit
oh right
ok so it is the gloves
i have no idea
so shes just gonna send him a bomb
jett wanted smth or other but he also tried to get hades to attack her
think it was winter gloves or smth
i forgot him and jett but at least jett i had a free out. she just sent a fuck you letter cause he tried to sic hades on her
do you remember what kaede wanted from mihara
you doing session later?
aight lmk
you wanna duck game or league rq
nah i was testing a voice changer
for like 5 minutes
yo you wanna help me test smth
so every time the oath is broken i can just decrease the con by 1
idk. i just changed up the staff slightly to give more con less charisma
whats lucia need tho
might make it stronger in compense for how easy it is to lose the staff's power tho
essentially lawful good
it does force him to behave a certain way
ok i made a version of the dawnstaff under the relics list. you can look at it and tell me if it seems too op for lucia. its strong but imo not better than durendal once lautrec gets the rune or leitnaught once its returned
20 weeks of paying a 9th level wizard
giants is dank
you want it to be in the city? I was thinking of going back to the giants or the northlands or smth
also everyones already sworn to help yumiko
yea. i think itd be fun just rolling over some petty problem
right
you mean how arentia is doing
not directly to carim
i was thinking next session is some time during the break anyway
yea true
or just wait a few sessions
should i say everyone's 12 rn
ok another thing. i feel like with the items the party is at people should be higher level but skipping levels is kinda blueballs too
unless you want him to go back
silas would be just a judge or other court official of some small town likely
you wont try to talk her out of it
im working through events and not time so during the conquest of Nihon so here goes. 
~6 1/2 months in, Silas ends up crippled in a battle. His hands are cut off and Rei offers to send him home with gold or grant him a small village and estate in Nihon. He wants your opinion
-Natalie proves herself a capable commander and ends up one of Rei's advisers. 3 weeks after the silas incident, Rei decides to make a point about changing the social structure of the isles and offers Natalie the hexblade, Fatecarver, one of the originals given by the Raven Queen. Natalie wouldn't be part of the petty or the guild and would be one of the empire's high nobles. she's pretty much set on a decision but will take input anyway
aka level 13
i may have been too vague with ra talking about the 'first people' but basically they became the gods in the first era and at the end of the war with nilgesh capped mortals at a certain level of power
also the petty has been levelled a bit. up to like 5 which places them pretty high up in terms of stuff they can do
sleeping off the rona now
alright. ill get to you tmrw
and you back to his underling xe
and hes the guy whos likely to do so anyway so youd leave and come back to nathaniel running things 
and itd be easy for him to unseat you
well the danger in that is the guild knows him
yea but whos managing the guild when you go to carim
possibly. more importantly youd need a second to manage the guild while youre away tho
fucking sticks
l m a o
duck game 
ofc
fuck did you do lol
?
poof
no
yea i ended up with red for fire
whered my character sheet go
add charisma mod to fire damage spells
its the dragon sorc feature
theyre spells
wait nvm its in the phb specifically
aight. also cantrips are spells for elemental affinity right
am i captain or an npc or whats the deal
and more fitting a mage
elemental one is cooler
im assuming we're travelling on this ship
even better xd
gives you a reason to spam the call
should do a session 0 tonight or smth
fair
i might swap synaptic static for teleportation circle if those are gonna be a thing
lmk about the ship. also i got all kinds of elemental resist lmao
lets fuckin go
aight. also idk shit about the eberron setting or races so
did you tell anyone else
gl getting all the maps and writing in xd
but im down to run tonight. no other plans
now i think it is
see after you said no april fools shit
ok go
bo3 internet maps only lets go
little duck game
actually skype
disc
duck game?
yea. im at like complete block in writing rn
im just chilling in one of the other discord rooms
check it out. i think its pretty decent
fuck talking to parsa
you wanna talk about some shit for next campaign. i got no ideas rn so
ay come discord
lmao
next campaign is cosmere
ill figure it out lol. 24 hours ez
ok. i can try to come up with something
some econmic activity
i mean what were you looking for in avaris
cause nobody else wanted to drop by for long
also seems like avaris will be a short stop
yea its solid. i need to write shit tonight but i have some good ideas
tru lulw
can idle the time lul
only a year
lol. once you have leitnaught itll be ok
lol
aight. one magic weapon at least
you could pay 2 casters 5k each and the hearts and have a d3 within 2 months
or more casters
enchantments are slow work
youd need a year for a d4
2 months is only enough time for a very minor enchantment. youd be looking at like yea 1 maybe 2 damage
also what exactly is the enchantment doing. cold damage, cold resist, etc
the one time anyone wants to see the guy
hanneman is occupied with kaede actually
sure. do you know a spellcaster or are you contracting it out
enough time to work a very minor enchantment into an item
2 months
it wont count as a magical weapon tho
which will prove much cheaper to acquire
any name would count as long as the intent is there. it wouldnt need to be aluminum tools then if you arent weaving other magic into it. plain mythril will be hard enough to shape it
i was under the impression it was magical
are you forging a plain infernal steel rapier
Are you gonna tell the party about his rune and vampirism
except mythical metals like radiant gold
like its by far the most expensive metal in this world
aluminum tools are gonna be both expensive and hard to procure. you pretty much need to find a mage or a supplier who knows a mage powerful enough to scrape it from inside volcanoes
still need a smith tho
yea. 100 plat will do tho for the summoning
the rules are the rules ig
idk where a fucking rapier is 2 lbs but
sounds about right
yea
not all servants of Nilgesh use the same methods. she personally served him by destabilizing kingdoms and spreading chaos and freedom. the Glooms do so through infection and shadow cabals. they kidnapped mace and other orphans to attempt to inscribe them with ancient and corrupted runes. after that, the survivors were turned into vampires and forced to work for them. she stole mace and a few of the others away but couldn't revert them to human and so they were locked up by the hresvelgs
since the petty hasnt done much in a while, they break in to the hresvelg prison to find Mace and instead report that they saw only a monster in the cells. red pupils and long talons, skinnier than any man could be yet strong enough to rattle a pure adamantite cage. Skeletal wings and pale flesh. It tried to control them with a piercing gaze. They take a couple of weeks to recover after what they saw. Yumiko sends a letter the following week that only says, "Are you sure you want him free?"
ok i gotta go. get the game and play the 1.5 hours youre allowed to before refunding xdx
and the nemean lion
you can hunt like the thessian hydra
actually there are monsters too
greek &gt; egypt
looks coool
although i am  just a huge fan of ancient greek shit so wandering around is cool
plux alexios is a total fucking chad
and fantasy gameplay beyond button mash
got boat shit
its solid
tbh id get odyssey for 20
me chad as fuck
me warrior man
no bullshit assassinations only
no forced trailing mission bs
fuck that part of 3 and 4
yea theres been no modern people gameplay so far
personally i just spec warrior
or mix
you can spec warrior assassin or hunter
leans into the fantasy shit
this one is solid cause its more magic than the others
like literally exploding arrow
theres a lot of more typical rpg shit
yea theres a big ass aoe arrow
and use abilities to just aoe
spec warrior
if you dont like the combat you can turn it to easy
yea lmao
the dlc aint bad
base game probably good enough but
yea lol
still less than the base game xd
so like 40 bucks for it
i got it with the extra shit tho
worth af
yea i got it sale
mostly i hunt cultists and animals and shit
its fun
but if you sidequest it up
its like a solid rpg mixed with dumb quests
gathered op gear from it
gravity deals the damage
just making them run up a ladder then kicking
ive killed like 10 elites at least 8 levels up on me so far
nope lmao
or stand on top a ladder and kick for damage
to one shot elites in naval fights
spartan kick off boats
i just like cheesing kills tho
theres skill now
its good
rn im sleep
ill post his hextech arm tmrw when im done
he'll owe you one back
maybe if you procure him the tools
which the omnismelter provides half of
working with it requires aluminum tipped tools and access to supremely hot hellfire
yea
or have bamdul do it
youd need to know a capable artisan tho
theres a handout
otherwise im gonna sleep
im tired af. dm me on skype if you guys do smth fun
xd
well ok i guess
yea but why study
just google the questions
well thats retarded hes at home
ur turn
ok i harassed them
shit idk. we can harass milo and jett into duck game or league
idk. pbe or smth
game?
damn b
ok boomer
more wack game?
solid intuition
thatd work
ig if you found another circle then you could go back to varavhik and drop 500 miles to the south and end up there
cause cagliostro's runestone was bounded to the giant city in the sky, the library at Varavhik
do any of you know the teleportation circle spell
and the clan heads are incompetant and short sighted
the other 2 have power but no talent or drive
rei has the willpower and the talent but needs a real weapon
nathaniels tldr is he thinks that of the 3 real contenders for the throne of nihon
so yea. thats what she hears back from daggercourt
yep. in and outta that ho and town
virgin birth
well ooc its fairly obvious
oh shit youre right. i forgot about that
or any possibilities whose timelines match up
as per usual. also does penny really not know the doctor
he needs the rune of saint carius
lautrec needs a specific metallic one but yea
and who lack the academic knowledge to know what you come out as
right but theres shadier operatives who will throw you into the machine
or he really did purposely hide it
its possible he never knew the nature of his rune
:thinking:
yea. whats penny gonna think or do
Ok boss. Natalie and Gale got into a Hresvelg overseer’s room and read his records. They caught your buddy using a Rune on a dock master to get his promotion. Normally thats just part of the game. But get this, he used a Metallic Rune. Your boy is either saintsblood or killed someone who was. Apparently the Pale Assassin herself caught the guy and spilled his secret to the Hresvelgs. They made damn sure nobody on that ship would talk after that. They tried to get some doctor to take it out but the power overwhelmed him. After that they moved him around from city to city, hoping to find a place where it would be safe to remove but no luck. He’s back in the city, under their manor now. Eliot’s looking for the old guard captain so he can try using his golden sword to cut it out.

-Chip
consumed or she dual wields. who knows
blades like moonsliver are powerful imitations but not originals
there are 9 original hexblades given by the raven queen to the tieflings following the fall of Vrucuria and them sailing to Hakone
the most any family has is 1
9 blades, holding 4 is basically a majority
and combined theyd only be a little stronger
that controlling nihon would mean no other island is as powerful
thats one interpretation. i think he's just mostly commenting on the nature of the island's power balance
basically he just writes to oberlyn in case the spanreed gets intercepted
xd
right
it is right
yea sure
...
Lady Ordelia,

I hope this communication finds you unharmed and its seal unbroken. My nephew, Chikusa, has told me tales of his home in Hakone. A violent and wartorn place inhabited by those inclined to both darkness and order. Amazingly, they have no kings in those lands. Not since the days of the Satsuo empire before the fall of Vrucuria, anyway. 
As with any lands, there are many who desire the burden of rulership. Simple ambition does not a shining star make. That said, Chikusa has told me of but a few who may truly see their ambition realized. The island of Nihon holds four of the nine true Hexblades in the hands of its four clans. Only one other island possesses multiple, and even then it is the smallest possible multiple. 
I hear that Lady Hayasaki is of singular talents. Her weapon may not be the mightiest in the lands but her conviction and skill are truly unique. The clan heads see their single island as the world and are content to fight endlessly for control of it. Lady Hayasaki sees the world beyond. Her rivals are not those who are currently in power, but rather the others of similar capability and drive. 
Kazou Tama, first son of the Tama house in western Nihon. Yamada Ichi, warlord of Nara. They are the ones you should be wary of if you seek to manipulate the Hakone Throne. For what it is worth, my coin lies on the Lady Hayasaki even if her rivals wield true Hexblades. Their power makes them complacent and arrogant. Power that comes from a blade is power that can be matched. The fire of a soul is one that cannot be kindled.

Nathaniel.
aight
Its not really dangerous but its more of an "are you sure you want to know" type thing
this wouldve been the letter they sent on the first week
Hey boss, we did some investigating around on your pal Mace. Hresvelg folk made him captain of “The Conway” and let him sail into their personal harbor before dragging that whole crew into the cells and sinking the ship. I ain’t accusing him of anything but the Hresvelgs wouldn’t waste valuable gold like that without real good reason to. All the other crew came out wonky, half of them jumped from silver bridge and the only one who would talk is madder than a hatter. You sure you want us to keep digging?

-Chip (Penned by Lawrence Hagan)
Sure. I'll write it up
It may be a larger plot than offing an old man
Maybe he's a skilled rogue. Maybe he's an avatar of the Other spinning global webs. Maybe he doesn't exist. Who knows
btw. i put up a sheet about the Whispering One and some interesting tidbits. Apparently rumors may be there is more than one Whispering One running a web in the dark and a host of other possibilities. Knowing what penny does about the entities she can draw her own conclusions about the validity of such claims
considering you need azure peak allies anyway
but we'll see if you guys come around 
ik milo swore to not hurt her planning for everyone else to do the betraying
plus we have all this new shit now
yea. doesnt always work oiut
tbh after we went adventuring modes runes lost their real purpose. next campaign theyll be more like dragonmarks
also her sheet defaults to query whisper. if you want you can always whisper the rolls to me
major doesnt chain btw. its only ever 1 extra even if you kill 2
use the major's passive to make 1 more
kill someone
yea. best case scenario she can use her minor to make 1 extra attack
her major is a demonic gift
her minor is her natural rune
bc her demonic boon and shit
trust me i made her runes weaker than yours
yea but the spell specifies the attack action limits to 1
as per the spell
haste action is 1 attack
might as well have him kill you for it
lautrec has a minor already
her major is unusable by anyone who isnt a follower of her demon because its his boon
ig. theres a lot of better minor runes tho
3 slots. major counts as 2
the only person with slots left is bamdul/kaede
1 major 1 minor
bitch no you don't
her minor rune is a worse version of your mino
wait her runes are literally worse than yours
yea that was the point
is e d g y
cause its not homebrew its just modified xd
i did them already and got rejected each time but like now i feel less weird about it
also theres a whole section on ToF about demonic boons
also her minor rune lets her give herself a Haste action once per short rest. Major rune passive gives a single extra attack if she kills a creature during the attack action
core fighting style will stay the same. just play her as a little more sadistic in combat. like if she can she'll draw out a kill or smth. 
ok nvm i thought it over and rei should count as evil. planning on conquering your homeland for personal glory is evil. mordenkainens has rules for demonic gifts too so im gonna redo her a bit
Cause fuck kids who go to tas for help
Yea probably. Will see during my lab tmrw
ig
needs time
didnt flesh her out as much as the warlock and thought she was less interesting
i might just stow the paladin for later
T r u e
T r u e
That's getting clear
Yea ik. In character I think people will incline to the assassin
Opposed to the weaker paladin with team buffs and shit you knows
The hexblade is stronger but she's a really selfish build
Lmao. I guess we'll see. I need to flesh both out some more
Little teenager boy with a saints relic
You don't like lautrecs image
need thoughts
still working it all out
opposed to the assassin who utilizes fear and her status to order people
all charis so people like and listen even if she's not eloquent or wise
i think the paladin has a less forceful personality but wants to see a world at peace
thats like most of the crime in hakone
i mean if youre after killers she knows those
weirdly no. she was trained by a blood-cult and has a hexblade but doesnt engage in criminal activity past you know, murder
the hakone girl is a self-centered noblewoman bent on revenge
and is your typical paladin type
the paladin i think is this naive girl who was sent by the church on a suicide mission because shes a threat to their power or smth
damn you caught me. arentia is just 'murica
both of the other 2 are native to this world at least. and around 19-24
can be lynelle + 1, just 1, or none
who do you think people would take with them in the party to find leitnaught. lyenelle, an arentian redemption paladin girl, and a Hakone hex-assassin noblewoman
skribblio?
until like 6
cause im on campus at sc while christina does work
are you at your place
ay you doing anything
league
ay nice
just in case though. i cant trust it to like jett
you might deal with a doppelganger thing
but ill take it off visible
so the token reflects the health on the sheet
technically theyre both you
Just like a total clusterfuck thing
Do you think you could rp as both a creature imitating penny and trying to get the party to kill the real penny. And also real penny trying to convince the party she's real while the fake attacks. In a way that doesn't give away which is real right away
im with that
league or smth?
call
get in
wtf
wait it auto types that
Give me a call when you're back.
get in. milos home and shit
been studying all day and i want to die
wanna get people for skriblio
theres others in the stories like ta'anari
is it too scuffed to just name the ascendants the same as they are in the shurima stories
yea but when you shoot downhill you shoot straight
but irl arrows are really fast
thats cause scenes with arrow rains make them slow as fuck
so just give them gats and let them spray and pray
goblins cant aim or shoot all that hard
which is the goal right
theyre good for an army and bad for individuals
true. i dont hate the homebrew guns either
or once with a 1d10 rifle
yea but you could attack twice with a 1d8 bow
thatts fine but the damage is only like d2 higher
xd
guns are essentially half-range bows who need to be reloaded every some amount of attacks and also break
also did you ever see the gunslinger class homebrew
you learn more about the entities, what they do, their relics
narrative
its good tho. good background listening
they have like 15 each focused on a specific fear like the Hunt - fear of being prey, the Flesh - fear of body horror, etc
but anyway i was listening to it and they kinda yoinked my idea about entities
with overarching lore around the institute 
its a podcast of supernatural stories and shit
did you ever listen to the magnus archives
and needs crystals or some other macguffin to fire
idk yet if i was going the powder route or making it a gift of some entity
shorter range, loading property, need to train proficiency, loud, but more damage than an arrow
btw guns arent gonna be strictly better than other ranged weapons
Mundane clothing isn't expensive. A 2500$ coat is like 10g right. So 3 25k dresses only comes to 300 and that'd be pretty top of the line
Ok as long as you know what you're getting
Right but 10% x 3d6 bonus is 1 damage higher per round average
Which is interesting
Mathematically. Even on a 1d12
Funny enough tho the crit increase is less dps 
Yea I think. My memory isn't perfect but it sounds right
It'd cost 2k in materials and all thorvalds time for the rest
thorvald could smith it to a weapon tho so acquiring enough of the steel would be ~5k
a lot. unless you have the metal it has to be conjured from the nine hells through a bargain with a devil
game
dam
i wanna get your opinion on smth
league and talk
yea bitch
game?
get on
you are
you looking to play league or ror
Yea I guess. Dudes weird
and kicked him anyway
we kinda changed the campaign to what he wanted
you ever want to reinvite parsa for a session or smth
make sure to warn your guests never to look at the mirror in the great hall
ah yes the mirror of soul trapping booby trap
and not the dagger or the hilt
whyd you pick the mirror btw
but he afked both
he shouldve had like the pen sword or the hilt
but better than a nothing weapon
which isnt really op
yea but i gave her a cool weapon from bamduls mom
cause she has rage
i might go nerf his sister shes probably impossible to 1v1 for a barb
idk if he intends to even be enemies with them or allies
the village
surprise attack what
which should be a big thign
but they jumped right into the orraak village
sure but rn everyone wants to be done with the north right
dunno if i should make each event longer
i feel like the pacing of our sessions is really fast. like theres 2-3 big events each time but if we slow down im worried we'd get nowhere
oh yea. i have a great idea for a travel thing similar
supposed to be aasimar yea
in a throwaway line
supposed to be. gomir talked about the children of celestia falling to earth
also the aasimar falling to earth
the Others/the invasion - goblins and guns, pennys friend as a hresvelg captive, lynelle's quest to capture the last mask, the azure peak, the doors to the planes now open atop a beanstalk, etc
i think they know
or theyll get sick of penny running the show
or bonus income and ability to buy magic items
like leads into shit
maybe the bonuses of it will be enough
yea thats what i remember
yea i figure you hear rumors just by default
just to make it decent
fair. you can gather miscellaneous info passively tho
i remember reading that in the book
also the establishment gets rumors right
the fused come and fuck you up
Aight sick
And allies to call
Fair. You have things to sell anyway 
You guys were earning him like 2.5k a month or smth
You'll get your share from morozov too 
Yea ofc 
Instead of tracking
If you want the petty can do more thieving and rigging bets and shit
And the state
Pretty much yea. To Nathaniel and the guild
thats unlucky
chips in prison tho
well pennys officially noble now
oof chip tho
instead of having to show it to a duke's eye first
will be assumed to have been procured legally
but things like ancient relics and shit
well not things that have deeds but yea
yea essentially you can sell things legally and unless someone can directly prove ownership its assumed to be legit
on the trust you have a right to them, without needing proven inspection
also means you can directly sell goods acquired through unknown means
but you legally own it instead of renting it from the crown
ok then the tax is 350gp/month for the establishment
or as a merchant you pay less tax but have less protections and privilege
you get the benefits of nobility but pay the full tax
or just as a merchant family
also you have a choice now of paperwork. you can file house Penny as a noble house as she does own land and has 2 noble sponsors
you can count just an establishment as castle level .5
yours to pay taxes on your part
yea its morozovs duty to pay taxes on his estate things
oh right. its just 1k/level i think
should be in just 2 handouts
% wise
just cant remember what your arrangement with morozov was
and i have all the estate stuff marked myself
i think only the establishment is personal
like the apothecary should be estate but the establishment is personal
also seperate whats personal investments and whats estate
its been a long time in the north
~2.5
ok cause im not tallying shit not on the sheet towards party gold
along with their incomes and shit
you have all the assets on the sheet right
wdyt people will want to do next
xd
cause rn i only have like 4 leads and no flesh
end of next session yall can talk out where to go next
its ok. idk how long you guys plan to stay in DC but i think down time is chill
but that there are others, ones who were here longer and under similar cirumstance 
finding out the god who summoned him here is dead, leaving him potentially without a way home
shouldve been a bigger moment for him
yea. so is kaede kind of
i guess its just lynelle now
exactly. i feel like end of last session was kinda rushed tho. i meant for the council to be more important and more allies
not like a do or die
i think the duel is more like a bonus objective. win it and get her weapon. lose and join up with the tribe
sneak is like 3
zealot damage is only 1d6
he'd have to pop off hard
shes zealot/battlemaster tho
if he rolls well enough
more likely to lose but has a chance to win
yea i figure hes gonna try to challenge his sister
rip jett
yea. gonna try to make the orraak shit short then
seems like everyones ready to go back to thaeron to recoup and shit
but thats less likely
or milo can just use the hourglass
gonna make it so learning about the demon is somewhat in the story path
it be like that
yea
her and xargrul actually
and their theme so
but it helps to come up with who the character is
even though itll never come in handy
funny enough all i did so far was stat her out
thats driving the goliath to extinction
i was going to tie it in to the seemingly endless civil war between orraak and loronath
ik but i have another idea
as well as the others
idk. i think next session i want to touch on the puzzle box and xargrul
shes still evil because she wants to continue nilgesh's dominion of the world, but not end it
but i figured her main motive is actually stopping the other entity
i was gonna make a handout about the Others that keep getting mentioned but ill figure some other way to do it
shes not just resentful at the world and doesnt need to kill all things
she has her own goals and her own ideas of good
idk. i didnt want her to be too much like lilith
collin is good tho, wish we had him from the start
anyway. not having parsa makes it so i can do wackier shit but he also listened to the background shit at least
im down to talk any shit
which is tilting
also i feel like only you and collin listen to the lore and milo just says dumb shit usually
im bored as fuck and on laptop
idk talk or play some shitty trackpad game
you looking to
you doing anything
go back to yelling at kids to get off your lawn
ok boomer
want to round up goons for scribblio
ay im bored
but that may make it easier
i mean youll miss the dank part
bitch wtf
dont be late fucker
Aight cool. Didn't want to make the climb a huge thing
But yea. Probably like 930-945
Well it's for something at the top
if not i need to put way more before it
you think you can get home by like 930 fri
you think you can get home by like 930 fri
theres one part of campaign i need penny for
leg
le
league
leage
leagu
league
fuck
im gonna get on my smurf
ayyyy
ay yo league
With mix
Maybe 3 days no activity or 7 days light
cause rn i have to homebrew stronger things cause everyone always has their resources
the point is to be able to run more default mons
my personal leaning is 5 days with mix
cause 3 is short imo
were you the 3 days vote
just go vote
which one is first
so like every week or two of travel, once resources are out, you need to stop and break
im leaning towards the second one
wdyt. 7 days of light activity = long rest or 3-5 days of no activity = long rest
seems good to me
ok 2 votes for it
slash complete a long rest
every 7 days you get spell slots back
its literally just no 1-hour short rests. each night is a short rest instead
so wdyt about changing the rest system
its weird being old
so i dont have to make sheets manually
also im somehow getting to the age where im lazy enough and have the money to buy the mm and shit on r20
about the rest change
im guessing you dont care
brb
im gonna write
which is better
actually i have a third plan
but that was maybe too troll
and youve just been shrunk
but then you realize eventually this is the morozov castle
but i had this troll idea where you emerge in a castle filled with truly titanic creatures 100x your size
tbh ive pretty much settled in on a giant's castle cause thats classic
except get shit out and sprout
the beans dont actually do anything when fed
ik but everyone else voted for it
i guess thats how that works
but its lit up there
it does go all the way into the clouds
ye. in any case tho going up the vine is a journey in itself
hes like 100ft up there
hey caedes already on the way up
no shit
but now i cant cause i dont want to prepare that many possibilities
cause i was going to have it fractal into vines leading to all planes
so i probably shouldve made everyone climb the beanstalk at the end of last session
That's nuts
That's nuts
True
That's not that op
Yea ik
I don't get it
What
Lol aight
K
?
Aight. Will roll and see how it goes
Aight. His plan is hire thugs to protest the church and hit it when the guards leave the chapel
maybe a minor magic heirloom
and try to get some art or gold 
alternatively the petty can hit a small house
to you
he said he needs 200g up front for costs then he'll decide a sell price after
that fits perfectly into the shiny spear morozov has behind his desk
its a stone
but chip says he has a lead that the church has something morozov would really like
and everyone else's which is to find some minor house to rob
theyre split between his choice which is hitting the church
nah nobody agrees with chip that he should hit the church
but it do be like that
or really likes him
nobody agrees with chip
and they havent hit any big marks in a while
also chip notes in particular the archbishop is out of town
anyway thats the info they have from the last month
lmao
tim the enchanter
youve met many wizards
part of why morozov is looking to acquire a wizard/enchanter
its on the rise yes
its been slowly returning to other parts of the world
and while the assassin's shattering of the oculus has broken daggercourt's monopoly on magic
every house wants to buy any magic items they can to protect themselves or send with their children to war
but there are business opportunities as welle
nah the party is too high status to be drafted
nice reference lol
but divine portents point towards a bloody war on the kingdom's hands
yumiko went back to her homelands to negotiate
they blamed the kingdom and seized a lot of their assets and imprisoned people in their lands, slightly south and far west of where you are for reference
but their ship was attacked by rogue agents and disappeared
finally, apparently the jin empire was supposed to send an emissary down south to improve relations and forge an alliance
and knows many spells but can't innovate or scribe them down. the knowledge is somehow innate
hes been trying to get another arcanist tho since vyrmias is remarkably bad at enchanting
theyre converting vyrmias's tower to a full on wizard tower and morozov got into the alchemy business selling that shit for war
the estate is doing well after the villagers arrived to work the land
they appear to be of slightly above average height but slightly thinner than humans. They use shadow magic and seemingly warp through the dark mists
besides the firearms though, a few survivors have reported hooded mages among enemy lines though there are very few people who survive seeing them
and making a killing
but is apparently doing pretty well moving goods and troops
he was ordered to reinforce the troops south while the rest of the kingdom gathers for war
other info about the city is that the invasion in the south diverted joe riegan
She was upset at that, telling omega that she needs it to finish her work. Omega claimed to have a lead, that water would remember where such ancient things were held, but he had to await its return. the petty left after she said she would handle the gatherings/
Finally, they caught her talking to Omega through an enchanted mirror where he was surrounded by the corpse of a cloud giant and his minions. he told her that the giant hadnt been able to give him the location but that he knew it to be in the northlands
when they interrogated one of the thralls it talked about how only Pure Silver could form the Runes, and something about "sticks and water" 
one particular group was mining in a seemingly abandoned mine suspiciously close to where vladimir morozov and adrian loren sacrificed his son and created the death knight
she looks frayed now, like she hasnt slept in weeks and carries a new artifact. a chain holding amethysts that wraps around her fingers and palm, like a soulcaster. she also has thralls working around the forest, elves and humans with glazed over looks
they spotted syvana in silverpine after following a burned trail clearly carved by glorfindel
since ive been ignoring the petty a bit im gonna give you their last month's info
Aight one sec
That's fair
Lol
Let the uber think you're nuts
True. Do that then
Than big plot shit
That's fine I'll try to do other stuff
Phone's gay
Fuck
Think
Thank
Aight. Lmk how late you tub
Wya damn
I can shoot the shit with them for 10 minutes
Unless it's only like 10 min
Go uber
Oh. Well wtf
Gdi
Oh are you fucking with us
Answer
Bitch 
How late
just keep a creative mind
theres other valuables tho
its an option yea
its ok im adding another one in rn
aight so you didnt read it
did you
how many people do you think read the animals
assuming you take the time to hunt some yes
'and other exotics
she probably sees the value in dinosaur leathers
but pennys smart
sounds like broke bitch hours
yea ik
what was the old deal besides spend what you want from the treasury lol
not bad for personal income
yea i think that comes to like 333/month
cause you know i will
list the details so i dont forget
which is gonna be a hot minute unless you turn tail and flee
just do it before you guys get back to dc
on one of the handouts
did you put the name of the establishment and details and shit
gold sinks are good
lmao
christinas witch can just sell shit like dust of dryness
you know what
or should there be more
do you think the runes are enough for magic items
fucking dank
that wa
some gay dude who isnt into thicc bitches
nigga who didnt like frozen
good
wtf
human
idk wtf youre thinking
cause shes not a jotun
its pretty obvious
nah youll know its her
ig we will see
any decent wizard can DD and counterspell
i mean lucia doesnt have counterspell tho
unless you suddenly learned to dimension door
probably 
christina made a real witch witch
shes powerful enough to escape you
"witch" but really wizard
she can hang around daggercourt as the estate mage
i was thinking if you guys befriend christinas girl
but he probably heard about the dinosaurs
idk why lautrec is there
for elsa
milo wants to just be there
jett wants his staff-axe
you walked your ass up there already
a half-baked revenge plot
they barter
no but if you bring it back
well yea. rare leathers and giant-craft is always prized
as exotic goods tend to be
theres more valuable stuff in the northlands tho
saving the world doesnt turn much of a profit does it
you can yeet their grain or smth
no theyre dead broke
i was gonna type smth for them later
theyre hidden
so wtf
but like i remade them anyway
i copied them over
im like 99% sure i told you
so you dont have to worry about knowing their shit
are totally different now
ngl the mask avatars
TRUE
and by that i mean i hope she doesnt spam gay shit
as long as its not too gay
im ok with that 
for weeks
gwyns gonna post frozen porn
still tho
she walks more normal
they even make fun of it twice
lmao
she sways way less than in the first
you know what was sad about the movie tho
too much proximity to ghetto
i still have a headache tho
i got out pretty easy
Get on this one
Aight it's here
If only it were here
If only it were here
No train yet
I'm on the platform
Yea
Gonna get in the first car
I'm getting on the sci center yea
Probably
Ok you'll be there first then
I'm heading to the train. How long do you need to walk
That was a long relationship
That was a long relationship
Lmao rough 
Maybe you
I heard Milo say that or smth
Isn't he broken up
So this was a mistake
I just don't actually like coffee
I mean I drank half
And I had to walk on campus for smth
Yea Christina is studying
Probably at like 1145-12. Gonna drop off a coffee at home
Ok I'll let you know when I get on or just get off in that one and wait lol
Or the next one after
Science Center one?
Good. Which station are you closest to
Are you even awake
Yo bitch are you gonna meet me 12
Yo bitch are you gonna meet me 12
i got finals tomorrow tho
maybe one of the others will want to
then meh idk
unless you think hes seriously cooler
nah i dont really care since its like everyones chillin already
wdyt tho
his intro was better
also i liked collin more from the start
true but then WE cant
how can you be mike and call yourself J
fuck that guy
the fuck
dude better be a reading nigga tho
yea hes aight. i havent seen his character yet so idk
only a tiny bit weird but thats normal when meeting new dudes
he seems okay so far
ye
nah looks like liz and andrew never answered
there were 3 more right
ok so then hes out
name 
?
which one was that
also what about the others. any potential
or are we better off without
is he what were looking for
so wdyt of collin so far
idk
maybe talk to him about character and how everyones backstory kinda burns down
im assuming you introduced yourself to collin
i got writing to do
go explain shit
i dont want to swap to disc
good
are you and collin in disc or smth
big brain
so i dont have to answer it all
with no edit power and shit
yea but im not a retard so i can just put the join link out
seems ~6/10
i got 1 already
i already lost it
cause i only post in summoners war anywya
idc if you find my reddit account
just need to make sure ppl can see it
no campaign details just who we want
i posted some vague shit on lfg
see if its all gucc
can you check my post
kill yourself
game vro
are you home
risk of rain?
Ik I just think it's sketch to uproot yourself suddenly
which is nuts
if youre good at pasta shit the uovo servers make 45 an hour
now you stuck on a georgia lease
like what happens if the job doesnt work out
not get shot and shit
hope that shit works out and you can adapt to living there
find a new one in georgia
youd have to get out of that lease
this is the dumbest fuckin decision imo
how tf are you gonna get out of that
arent you on a contract lease anyway
you cant just pop in and get lunch with us anymore
still thats so fucking far tho
ig
dx
plus then you can be milos classmate
associates degree is enough for a lot of shit
and just be smart about it
go to school
aight bitch idk then
and most would give you a way more consistent schedule
theres a million of them
for someone else in la
why dont you just tend a bar 
but less gay
then its gay
unless you keep friday free
moving to georgia and having a 2 hour time difference sucks
stay in cali
georgia sucks mad dick
thats fuckin wack
whos it with
bruh
slave ass georgia
like georgia
atlanta tho
bruh
yall fighting shit
will see
not home
Aight
Yo how is it. I'm almost home
Just like violence is an option
I might skip Parsas.  It's all rp and I like combat once or twice
yea understandable
I'm out for most of out but I'll try to make it
Oh that's pretty cool
im just sad theres no good time to run gestalt for like 2 weeks
i think he wrote that
what did you think of it
you were there right
same
jett and i agreed it was kinda dull
yea
true
with all the villagers and shit
i feel like i ended it on a really hopeless note
i might spend the time making omega a more interesting fight
dont
if people don't feel it then they don
its his game
nah its fine
it was a whole thing
and shit
and he like called us
i wanted an inuit named nikliq
milo wanted that one
yea
hes not excited over having to not be "agile like monkey"
also i think i went like an hour over where i planned last night
like i dont think gestalt was perfect but still
idk if he wants to run it consistently then fuck it
i figured
hmm
oh damn
is this not
like the ac inc shit
ig. we left him hanging last time he ran smth tho
kms
nope but now
milo and i just wanted to meme with "agile like monkey" and "nikliq seal-clubber"
didnt realize how anal his setting was
idk i was bord
fuck
i told parsa id join his game cause christinas busy
yo
yo
yo
for now its around a week into the future
i think as time goes on and the party grows powerful his visions will extend
of the first call
yea that was the biggest mistake
should be details
establishment, house spies, etc
like anything in his future he can see but not in the general future
i personally think it should be just base stuff tho
waking up is hard
gdi
this isnt group chat
oh wait
Morozov: Where are you from, traveler. The townsfolk say you come from the west and that you speak of events most unnatural.

Jacob: I'm from Hillshadow, my lord. Its a small town a few days eastward of Rockywind. Well, it was a small town now. The place is taken over by some foul being. It came from the mountains it did. Walked down from above like some herald of the saints. And thats what it told us it was too. Those who listened to it gathered in the old chapel. I was on watch duty that day you see, but I could hear it kinda. It talked to us about "The Mistress" and promised she would come save us. Things aren't good for us out there in the valley. Yolen's boy lost two fingers by the river the other day and...

Morozov: Yes, I understand. Please focus on this creature. Did you perchance see it with your own eyes or hear any further about its master?

Jacob: Well it called itself an angel. One of them old ones too, straight out of the Edicts. Didn't give us no name though. Thats what set me off. Wouldn't give us the name of his "mistress" either, said she was beyond us. Whatever that means. The others bought it though.They gathered in that chapel and listened to him preach for hours. It was harmless enough. If only strange to see a faceless angel in full plate give sermon. He talked about saving us, giving us strength to fight the horrors that walk recently. Took two boys out back afterwards to teach them to fight. That's when it got real suspicious. I was on watch the next night too. Arren passed the morning and usually they rise at night. Only he didn't. The two boys didn't either. You ask me the angel took their souls. Can't rise again with no souls. 

Morozov: The vision fades here. I can see no further and Jacob will not make it to the estate for 2 days. We will consult then.

-Excerpt from Morozov's meeting on May 16th, penned by Mikhail Morozov on May 14th. 

This is the full understanding of the situation in the western towns so far
aight ill take a look
etc
tavern, smithy, general store
what kind of establishment anyway
i got it
aight
being a renovation and not a construction
alright. the establishment should take a little over a month and a half
the hagan loan is personal you know
alright
go be the tiebreaker
see
i
yea but its contents are the same
what use do you have for a second
I think so. In like 30 after lunch I’ll remake group and we talk details
Also if Parsa goes are you down to start 830-9 so Jett can be there all of it
Also if Parsa goes are you down to start 830-9 so Jett can be there all of it
Boomer
Ok
There’s no way they don’t have it
Did you ask the clerks. 
Nah promenade closed
Grove?
Which Barnes is still running
Ok boomer
On like iTunes books
That's so weird. I got it digitally cause it was top 50
What scuffed store is this
Wtf it was a huge seller
I think Milo saw it clearer
It is but it was kinda scuffed idk 
Milos probably right tho
It was a long talk
Also he kinda did Idk
Yea
Maybe in a while we can give him a chance as an npc for a session
Still feels bad cutting him out 
Yea but we covered other important stuff
maybe
like the shit we talked about yesterday
if people arent changing then thinking up plots is useless
this feels kind of pointless tho cause idk if were even doing this
glorfindel's departure has upset the balance of nature. his internal darkness has spread to all fey-touched beings across thaeron as he is the reigning Lord of the Fey of that area. the decline of arcane magic has left the city's people vulnerable to the elves' wrath and so your mentors have asked for your assistance in tracking him own
yea that works. either like a feywild journey or some crypt
or you are there and are tryng to get to your mentors in dc
something could be wrong there
things that do tie into the city are like the 2 local baronys
Unless Hydrius is the final boss
I'll figure that later
See I've kind of given up on tying it to gestalt
Idea 2 is the weather is abnormal and crops fail. Elves become cruel and vicious and the forests now devour outsiders. Something is wrong in the court of the fey and they've demanded you be the ones to seek audience 
Idk. That's just idea 1
or even killing the dragon's host before he fully emerges as a grown dragon
then goals can be getting people to safety up north
its up to the party and heroes across auren to save towns and hold back the horde
its chooses its champion and gathers its children to march on Auren, demolishing the gate with his new form
anyway, as the fort falls, the red spirit has reforged itself and waited for this moment
while chromatics force themselves into the dragonborn most suited to them
e.g. metallics choose a dragonborn to be the heir based on virtue and when a copper or whatever dies, it inhabits the chosen heir
each dragon color is a single soul connected to the dead draconic gods and red, the vilest of all, hasnt been seen since the greatest red dragon of all was slain
yet now, the oculus has shattered and magic is failing
but for hundreds of years the fort guarded the pass and the divided tribes could never unite to truly threaten them
kobolds, wyvern, dragonborn, etc
the story is that Auren, south of Thaeron has always been at risk from the dragon-related creatures to the south
wdyt of this one
whatever
theres no real interaction in that tho
understandable
ik. its annoying as fuck
dude doesnt communicate
idk what miles wants
i was gonna pitch the full new start or smth if i really like it
i havent committed to any ideas
cool
thats smth i have to think about
cause by the time everyones at dc itll be scaled normal
and then i dont need to waste hours scaling down npcs
like some backwater adventurers who heard about big things going down
that kind of interests me
what about starting in a different part of the world and heading to daggercourt/the morozovs later
Yea I forget the details
Ik I brought that one up at some point but not to whom
I think that was it. Idk I had a lot of ideas on back burner but can't remember them really
That's not really a reset of gestalt
Oh I wanted to do a league campaign right
but really idk. just trust me that most people really love book 1
also theres more magic which im usually into
the next 2 bring in more pov characters and i just stopped caring as much
the first book can be the full journey of a man's life
meh
like heres the thing. i liked blood song so much more than stormlight cause the emotional journey is there in just 1 book but the sequels
i didnt bring it up cause that but i was thinking and ik youd like the book
just humans and swords
i wanted to run a campaign in that kind of setting but theres no magic
its so good
if you havent i think you should cause its deadass top 4 books ive ever read and short
its where i got brother caenis from
by anthony ryan
have you ever read blood song
So basically nothing
Cause all I have for something new is maybe related to the local barons 
I wish Milo was more down with randoms tbh. Ideally he'd be open to getting like 3 or 2 and jett and running gestalt start to end or smth
Yea ik. Waiting just sucks
Yea. If only they'd get made faster
Yea. If only they'd get made faster
Same I want all the colors for dispel
im gonna sleep to see if i can wake up for my 8am
wwe can talk more in the morning
especially when miles isnt ever invested
doesnt really work
but 4 players with 1 who cant show up halfway
honestly yea. milo jett and i talked about kicking him
theres hope
if literally 1 major thing is fixed. like i can run a story and people invest in it and play charactesr
it helps
thanks ig
and if they know im working on smth they wont bother to change
the thing is if i stick in chat ill just tilt more
momma addams thicc af
also the animation was cute
nah i deadass like kids movies cause its simple and fun and i can just space
my creativity has pretty much been going to campaign
i just watch shit like addams family and im gonna watch frozen
im not big on movies but maybe
she saw it already
maybe finally get to portal/stardew
lol. we have the a list thing for amc so were probably gonna watch movies
but like its clear they wanted me out for a while so i left chat
get back into league or whatever even if milo wont play
i can figure out shit to do in my free time that isnt writing
i have job stuff and a gf to spend time with
they want me out for a month then thats ok
so like ok then fuck it
and suddenly people are like fuck you go take a month
and i liked running it and looked forward to it right
see thats the dumbest part tho. i was into this one and like pushing content for sessions available basically every week
but nobody cared
makes no sense
story wise
they want to run ruin delving then fuck it just combat and dungeon crawling when i feel ready to try again
i havent thought anything about the new campaign or what to even do
im a doomer rn
hes still drowning out everyone elses opinion
i dont need to for the 10th time
ive just heard your ideas and votes so much
bitch stfu you are 
also wtf is parsa saying "am i even a character"
and see who comes up with the next game resetting one
so the next part of the cycle is writing a story to fix one problem
never fixed
anyway i feel like all the problems i have are known
baby rage
lacroix the ex officer who was publicly disgraced cant walk into the dwarven house and command audience
he overextended and got slapped
not really level 6 shit but ok i tried
iago wants to murder and bring down the church
literally his only goal is to talk to people and record events
and log it
wtf am i doing with a bard only there to record the city burning
his dumbass background wasnt aligned at all
bc ive given up on this long story arc thing
which is why im still open to seeing if i can write smth short that i still like
small things but its smth
metagaming
like the things that can be fixed are diametrically opposed alignments/interests
jetts kinda afk
i flame parsa constantly
miles knows he doesnt talk much
milo knows he cedes his characters interests for the groups
weve told them these things before
and in like 2 weeks we start the cycle again
otherwise i go write some story i want to run with this newish setting
lol
and then hell freezes over
make people idk engaged at least somewhat
agree to things like alignment and goals so i dont juggle that
come to a consensus
at this point my plan is take a break and see if you guys talk some shit out
same. i also cant bring this up to them cause theyve heard it already
thats a thing too
so
and youre the only one reading
only to ruin it by ceding to the others interest
who is the only one doing serious introspection
nobody thinks about character moments except weirdly milo
i care that rn every session is you and parsa dominating and milo miles just saying aight
i dont really care about that session tho
idfk
and the greenhosue of poisonous plants
or maybe you can just use chemical warfare
still 700 who will die in dragon breath or smth
like shit man he got 700 thats pog
which hes been stocking on
like he gathered up 70% of all his hired men
many times the size of any medieval city was
its a fictional city
also who complains about 700
with all the dragon and giant plots
i thought it would be interesting
his pet mage creating illusions and distortions to throw you off
devin fox lurking trying to pick stragglers 
hunt in the woods as he tries to make decoy wagons
you were just about to leave the city
so im just there like wtf
reee
level scaling sucks
then i get blindsided with we spend too much time in the city
closing in for the kill
chase him through the woods
and like i wanted to do something cool with the riegans
theres no point tho if they just dont like it and do nothing
i dont want to run for randoms again
yea so majority rules
since nobody wants to interact with the old one
but idk where to take the new story
i saved the link for the other chat in case i feel different in a day or two
idk
combats go faster
minor shit like dont metagame
equal contribution and character moments i dont jsut hand out
or no railing
and not be accused of railroading
the major things is i want to run a story and not have people swap constantly
but like those are minor things right
or saying shit from a continent away
like why the fuck are people debating tactics in combat
i mean fair. metagaming is pretty big in all the campaigns so far
idk
maybe thats why people get bored of it
id like equal contribution yea
seeing as i gave up on it before him
he was the last one sticking to black empire
its not always him tho
then idk it just deteriorated as i thought about how everything else goes down
like i peaked in excitement around 2 when everyone was rolling and shit
its been a long day
yea surprisingly
and we talked more but with like jett in there
terraria and league
kinda did the same thing this morning
he sprung his campain shit on us during terraria
like 6 with parsa
we played like 9 hours terraria + league
yea we were playing terraria and he joined in to talk about it
otherwise its normal complaints i guess
today
then discussion all morning
no we had like a 6 hour call with milo saturday
or i dont have a hook why are we always in the city why is mars setting hooks
the archbishop can dominate me at will when i fuck with her
get complained about theres no safety net
yea ik. so i make no rails
so the clear conclusion is the long campaigns dont work. smth im doing isnt working. i tried more character driven stuff this time cause that was the last problem
3 is a pattern
3 people left black empire
honestly i cant even say its the players
i didnt realize levels mattered more than the story and the position in the arc
clearly not
i figured now everyones a better player so it should be doable
and i wished it had lasted longer with more build up but that was unrealistic
they rose from literal nobodies to facing the mother of demons
i liked the first campaign because even if i had to push it a little everyone decided to take a stand against lilith
but i like the long stories where you start as nothing and build into the realization that you can rewrite the fate given
i can do small campaigns where it ends at level 4, you become lords of your small town and live happily ever after
and even then half of them complained the sword was scripted railroading
the first one had to be accellerated or it would never have concluded
theres no way theyll let me run a full story right
made me realize
but like pointing out how every other campaign falls apart
i didnt think i was this tilted
kobolds in mines are cool
everyone decided politics and story were lame
but like no
the one who brought you so far but betrayed you
literally a battle for the world against the champion of pure evil
faster and stronger than any mortal, more alert and able to cloak her rune uses while seeking yours
pulling and pushing people off balance or sending objects away
pulling herself to and from
how do you play around someone who can manipulate metals at will
it was going to be sick. facing all 8 runes at once wouldve been the greatest battle
the aura around her a wash of nothingness, no emotion to drive you, only the logic in your mind to tell you what you should feel
gifted with all 9 metallic runes
the climax would be taking on the assassin
but never could because he was removed
the same realization his father was coming into
or uses his will to seek his own destiny
and then he has to decide if he chooses the fate handed to him
where morozov thought he was the serpents ace, he was only ever a pawn
beloved of the hresvelgs and the key to their usurping the city and therefore the most key holy land of the serpents greatest foe
brought low by her subtle touch, the touch of one who has seen what is to come
the assassin reveals herself, yumiko, daughter of a ruined land
and as he goes to use the serpents gift it fizzles
waiting for that moment to turn the city against him
has nobodys trust because the hresvelgs knew his secret and his dads but never revealed it
he thinks that this too will be solved by the serpents gift only to realize that the assassin has been with the hresvelgs all along. hes been played into looking like the one thriving on chaos and therefore causing it
morozov is riding high on his borrowed power, drawn from the very embodiment of chaos and evil. the one creature who can give him the ability to foresee and win unwinnable fights
the one who can break the balance
with the assassin as the golden snitch
the hresvelgs
then the final confrontation comes between your newly dominant house and the final power left in the city in your way
and get justice
you take advantage of it to bring down your house enemies
i thought it was a good story. assassin reappears and pushes the city closer to ruin
but it just gets ignored
like i just want to run my story and have people pay attention to it without them feeling railroaded
wtf am i gonna do with adrian i killed my homeland lacroix
pennys and morozovs were being taken on too
we were ON lautrecs arc
but like the dumbest shit is half the people just want to run their character arc which is fine but cant wait until someone elses is done
and also not railroad
i cannot physically both point out every plot relevant thing
ignored him
after saving loren's house from ruin
they just want specific tasks on free time
apparently i only give you hooks but nobody else aks
but if i do its railroading
because i didnt explicitly point them out?
but the moral dillemas and character moments were ignored
thats the point 
like fine everyone hates them
nobody paused to think maybe were the bads after eliot consistently tries to improve the city
but nobody read it or cared
and their house being vampires or some dark shit
like the journal literally accusing erasmus of being the killer
like theres supposed to be things characters want to investigate
not even finished with the riegans, the lowest of the conspirators, and people dont care
and character establishing
when thats supposed to be tone setting
milo complaining the guards didnt kill iago
lautrec
like you know what caused it
stun vs 40 hold persons
no matter what in that scenario she yoinks his files
and complain that we lose
lets go try to antagonize the archbisho
nobody cares
the assassin using multiple metallics
because she didnt read it
and the whole plot of metallics and saints
lucia ignores her rune
when they literally perform totally different things
or rune imbalance
ok then i get complained about for focusing on base building
people ignore the whole assassination thing and chase other goals and literally complain im keeping them in the city
people complain about being in the city
i do lautrecs side thing
like lucias claim is refuted and she brings down the heretic
but they want side plots the whole time
bring her down and restore the dukedom
find the assassin
like gestalt was supposed to be working into nobility to take out the conspiracy
parsa wants character driven arcs but i cant work all 5 of them into the story
but some people hate it and some like it
like the thing is i want to run a story and shit usually
or take a stance
milo was aight but hes not able to drown out everyone
i cant blame jett for having work
im pretty sure miles and parsa alt tabbed the whole time
and played it
you were like the 1 person who actually got into the last campaign
cuck
did you call
that too
but yea
and end hresvelg monopoly on shipping
or like improve lives for workers
seeing as he turned a new leaf
all the pcs and npcs of morozov are no longer as evil
actually hes probably mellowed out
idk how your character will deal with vyrmias tho
i mean yea thats basically it
so like its chill
they didnt really want to and switched
they proposed it and it was interesting
but idc
seeing as it is the privilege of nobles
i told them they could go no magic for lore
ig
and thats the new mode
it seems milo jett parsa are going no magic
and easier making low level hooks
its hard making high level mages. its easier giving them like 3 spells
idk. kind of
or ror
league?
and also that you manage to find a way Beyond and acquire an axe
tbh i just wanted to share it because its never going to come up in campaign bc its just politics and money
the other kicker is though that if your soul is exceptionally terrible and nilgesh chooses it to serve him youre spared
they return eventually
its also why elves are somewhat lucky
it keeps everything from falling apart
exactly. thats why the church spreads the information it does
but theyre obviously wrong about nilgesh's defeat
also the church is half right. all gods except the saints are just echoes now, no longer able to directly intervene as they once could
nobody heard from either since the assassination
shes either laying low or glorfindel got her
all gods, all souls are his in the end, in exchange for a brief relief in the mortal plane
nilgesh left the mortal plane in return for all the Beyond to be his feeding grounds
and thus they were forced into making a bargain
sending the effect backwards in time to make it so they never won in the first place
the ninth saint found them in the future when they thought they had won and bound them in chains
nilgesh killed him and rather than face an eternity of torture he sold them out
the ninth saint betrayed them
man the guy from the future IS nilgesh
also did you figure out lucia's vision
his main ones are just going to be the spear and the rune
yea i figured its making up for his no items
like fireball
but youre only human so you cant avoid everything
the big weakness is things that can't be dodged. you still see them coming and react the best you can so you make the save
by focusing on an attack you see where its going before they even start so youre long gone by the time it arrives
it works for all attack rolls. youre spending a whole reaction on this instead of something else. like passively youre letting nilgesh move your body out of harms way which is why your ac is so high
which is pretty much how its meant to be
the rune is really broken on a high speed fighter
and it always misses
you take the reaction AS they make the action so if they make a melee attack you just dash out
btw the uncanny dodge is the worse reaction
etc
cruelty bonus to crits
despair stuns
so like you always proc the violent additional action
actually i should just make it so while you have the serpent mark channeled you always roll successful on your secondary
tbh i just made it customizable enough
tapping into a power literally even gods cant touch to turn the tide in hopeless situations at the cost of always being a pariah
its like the ultimate last resort
as you see the future and predict their defenses
like you dodge through a horde of foes and cut them down before they can react
i actually wanted it to be a more melee focused rune
you just arent limited to spell + cantrip
no its a bonus action spell
for a half minute he becomes a god of death
but also if he chugs 5000gp to get to max charges
i mean its not going to be gamebreaking which is the point
i figure its a super op effect but at the cost of 1000gp for a round
Metallic Rune of the Forgotten Saint - Must use a liquefied platinum elixir which takes 6 hours to prepare at an Alchemist's table and 1000gp of materials to create an elixir restoring 10 charges, the elixir fails if you fail a DC 16 Alchemy check. Unlike other Metallic Runes, the Metallic Rune of the Forgotten Saint always manifests in male heirs, usually lethally.

The Mark of the Forgotten Saint is better known as the Serpent's Mark. The existence of the Ninth Saint is a secret known only to the highest in the Church and those who have sought forbidden knowledge. Depending on who tells the story, the Ninth Saint either slew Nilgesh or betrayed the others before falling. Either way, he was cursed to bear the Serpent's Mark for his actions, a curse passed through his bloodline. 

Alone of all deities, Nilgesh exists beyond the confines of time. His sight sees all that was, is, and will be at all times. Even in death, the Serpent's power cannot be denied. His rune gives the wielder an infinitesimal fraction of his power, but still enough to pierce the boundaries of time. While the rune requires much greater power than any other to use, it grants a sight forbidden even to gods. 

10 charges - for the next round, you see and react to every movement before it happens, though you are limited by the physical limits of your form. During this time, you make all attacks and checks(e.g. athletics) with +10 and advantage, critically striking on any roll above 30 and ignoring critical misses. All targeted effects have disadvantage and -10 to hit against you and cannot critically strike. You automatically succeed physical saves (con, dex, str) and have double advantage on mental ones (cha, int, wis) as you brace before spells take hold. You can take a reaction to Uncanny Dodge or Dash 15 feet up to 2 times(+1 for every additional 15 ft of movement). Your reaction is taken as the enemy declares their action. Additionally, while the Serpent's power flows through you, when you take an action to cast a spell treat it as though it were cast 2 levels higher. If you do so, you can cast another spell as a bonus action. These effects are cancelled out if there is another person channeling the Rune of the Forgotten Saint within 300ft.

Innate: The Serpent bestows great power upon his servitors. You can choose one aspect of his nature to manifest as a secondary Rune for you, a boon even the Saints cannot offer. Choose from:

Corruption

Cruelty

Despair

Omnipresent

Undying

Violence
so his sons all inherited the Serpent's Mark
actually it was the RQ who saved him from Nilgesh but not before his inherent rune was awakened
he encountered the Serpent's Heart when digging, the same day he found the deposit of Shadowfell Lead
and thats why everyone turned on him and brought him to ruin
anyway from the snippets of vladimir's journal its pretty clear he was having visions of the future
i feel that
well yea
Yea but is tied to the lore and you're the only one who read and understood the visions 
Yea but is tied to the lore and you're the only one who read and understood the visions 
and you tell me if its too weak/strong
so can i run jetts rune through you
then this mark alone
no, one circle formed of 8
one is lucia's rune, the mark of Gemi, one is the mark above
except the last page which has nine symbols like the one above
the interior of the book is blank page after page
though none truly know the meaning of the metallic runes
penny recognizes it as similar to the brand of lucia's rune
the cover of the book is branded with this mark
anyway, this time the petty manages get in contact with syvana's lieutenant who sends back book bound with human skin. Chip tells you he was told the book would let you commune with her
are the prisoners still the plan
if you wanted to set up a shell noble house it could be done over a few weeks. otherwise these same officials arent particularly concerned with who stamps the seal, only that you show up with one
anyway what i was gonna say is nathaniel obviously won't forge documents himself but he has connection in the government who would overlook forged forms and sign off dubious inspections
Yea. I'll let you know tomorrow. I'm gonna sleep
But it's an ambitious project. Usual fakes are as guildsmen or dock workers and merchants
Which hagan can make happen for a price
Ultimately there will be a lot of forgery to do
Well there's proof of property ownership to handle. As well as proof of wealth and birth
That'll take some time. There's lots of forms and proof needed to get noble house approval. A lot of inspectors to bribe and a lot of testimony to fake
What kind of ID. A seal of nobility. Letters of a Freeman. Right to work card. Guild membership card. Etc
obviously
in character you know not everyone
everyone with a greater rune has a vision related to it
eternal torture should only be for the worst, most irredeemable
there should be judgement and punishment/reward dished out to the deserving
because death is supposed to be fair
yea the vision could give you the idea that the saint's victory wasnt as complete as they thought
in character you only know your vision
for only nilgesh remains with that power
so those who can truly see the future cannot be trusted
because he completely shattered the divine and ruined their plan
but nilgesh created a corrupt version that can see what is to come in his future
the original eye saw all that was to come in the divine plan
the wizard
stealing its ability to see into the future
nilgesh blinded and corrupted it
parsas vision was the all seeing eye being shattered
he was forced to leave reality and they are sheltering some souls from him
its hard to say if theyre wrong tho
using their sacred weapons and the words of power
also her religion teaches that the eight saints were able to kill him
thats the thing about crazy people. they never really understand whats possible
he could only see fina and the Last Emperor but the other gods were the swaying bodies
the white tree is the one from the moonlight palace where he first entered reality
Lautrec's was Nilgesh torturing the defeated and dying gods
but yours was the souls of the saints protecting a few souls from Nilgesh in the afterlife
obv not in character
just for story reasons
im gonna post everyones and explain them all in the chat once theyre done
you understood what yours and lautrecs visions were yea
understandable
the only ones with agency there are the nine and the entity
seems..unlikely
also as a thing to consider. penny has now seen death and knows that its nothing but eternal torment. whatever the nine souls at the center were, they cant protect everyone. and whatever afterlife the gods promise, they must have lied
it paints a target on you but also tells people youre a hard target to bring down
no, all of them
yea it does
but if you fall again you start with 1 fail as usual
any death save over 20 brings you up
also when you drop below 0 you automatically make a death save and add your con mod
yea its lifesteal
and when you hit multiple people the healing is 1/6th
when you deal single target damage you restore 1/3rd the health
no its damage you deal
its gotta be hard to hide and extremely sought after
well i had to. the rune is too good otherwise
yes
Greater Rune of the Undying - You heal for 1/3rd of damage dealt from single target attacks and spells, reduced by half for any attack or spell that hits multiple targets. Innate: You add your con mod to death saves. Any death save over 20 returns you to 1hp and you make one immediately upon reaching 0hp. You still gain stacking death saves upon reaching 0hp.
it comes with a vision of a gaping maw, the souls of the damned swirling within. Within lurks something malicious and cruel, it tears at the souls and weakens them. Some have been there for eons and are stretched so thin and weak they appear as silken strands. Others, new, flood in. Fresh and full, the entity pulls them in, relishing in the torment. Nine golden souls lie in the center of the vortex of the damned, sheltering but a few from the nightmare, though one is tainted through its core with a chaotic grey pattern. The entity stares at you and you realize this is the fate that awaits all souls. The gods have abandoned mortals. There is no judgement, no redemption or heaven. As the entity begins to pull you in, two glowing words you know to be "Eternal" and "Defy" appear as a glowing turquoise rune. A burning hand presses into your lower back and heaves you back into reality
aight. also pennys rune
you arent entirely sure what her end goal is rn
a lot of straight up psychopaths dont get that and try to join thinking its a free pass to murder and terrorize
the guild has to maintain a low profile and civility
the most common reason people leave the guild is theyre deemed too violent
or never making it past your petty and quitting
or quitting
no you can be rejected by not even making it into initiation
well, some info relevant to your paygrade is she's started a rival criminal syndicate using the enslaved people and her abominations. she mostly deals with trafficking and murder for now but theres non-slaved criminals, mostly guild rejects, that are starting to join up
Each one takes a toll on the mind. Knowing as many as she does is dangerous
And knows more words of power than any creature should
She's paranoid and manic
Written from before Nilgesh prevented all other creatures from seeing the future besides him
Not yet. They got close but Omega stopped them and she escaped. They found rumors though she's after the archbishop's book of Ancient Words. It's supposedly a tome written by Vixendel containing all known runes and their transcription to words of power
I'll post yours in a sec I'm walking home
I'll post yours in a sec I'm walking home
Yours isn't metallic
The con save was to save her from more. Metallic is deadly 
Lucia lived 7d10
Don't you have like 60 hp
Ok. The damage is 5d10 +4d6
int
youre not totally lost
well now that you've been in the academy and watched hanneman
but yea just think about it for next month's money
fair enough. though i dont endorse it, theres also the rune station in the officers den. backalley tatoos are the best kappa
unless youre ok with the power dynamic
ik. im saying you should consider getting penny's innate one done
it seems like everyone's doing their runes now so i dont want penny left behind
Otherwise it can be half awakened for just the innate bonus or smth
Btw penny will be significantly weaker than the others without her rune. If you get it done she can still pretend it's not there to maintain pride and moral stance
this is a lot of money
i want money
but im so fucking stressed rn
literally if i do well i could be making 115k+ in just salary and they both give huge stock and signing bonuses
this is the big week. Wish round 2 technical and Amazon round 2
havent had time to think in a sec
yea idk. i have interviews and shit so im cramming those
good intentions but with an evil method 
its still chaos and disorder
especially the significant power it has given one of its chosen
it disapproves of murder because its an abuse of power
tbh i wrote that. it likes punishing those who abuse power and causing chaos and change for the better
wouldve been easy to kill him on the streets and throw th body into the river
he wants to avoid paperwork and shit
idk that wouldve been less in character right
i also forgot hunters mark and colossus slayer the whole time
but it was so one sided it felt dumb
ik
theyre still elves even if theyre ordered not to kill
maybe the guards wouldve killed him
that isnt outright suicidal
he wants to atone for his murders but idk what his god would have him do
yo idk what to do with iago
Lmao I found Milo
There's a crossing there 
Station at the science museum
Ride it to the usc side of the station
I'm at the natural history Museum but on the usc side 
Or nah
On the usc side
The museum's
Where are you
I'm almost at the second one. Did I walk past you
Aight. I'll keep going
Aight. I'll keep going
Usc one
Im like at the station
Aight
Lmao
Wait I'm on the campos side
Ok I'll bump into you on exposition 
Are you like near the campus
I'm walking Christina onto campus
Where are you rn
Wya
aight christina is out of her lab at 9 but you can pop over at 6 and we'll hang until then
make milo come over
wanna do it here
the usc one or sm
you doing anything tmrw night
plus some random personal items like loaded dice and the hand mirror
btw the total stuff lifted came out to 136 gold, mostly from the noblewoman
of course
thats your call lol
yumiko put on a public performance and chad made a round of the city restocking taverns for free
gathering goodwill
eliot was giving out food and shelter that day
who knows. maybe theyre just trying to help out though
but penny doesnt know which it is
although there is the possibilty they were destroyed in earlier riots
after all its the day right after the big fires and unless he went out in the night to look at which houses burned and who was in them AND pick up all the gifts, he must have known earlier
well penny is jaded so she thinks theres also a possibility the man already knew which houses would burn
crossed out for each house. he was about halfway done it looks like
with a small description of each person and what they lost
on the list
theres like names-property address-gift
no he has his list so hes just following it
he skips a few
also he doesnt go to every burned house
theyre not high value but they are sentimental
or a dress for some woman
like set of rolling pins for a baker who lost his shop
its one of those messenger bags full of little personalized gifts
hes quite a decent talker
you trailed him as he went directly door to door and gave them small gifts and gold then made his offer
yea the guy you stole from is a hresvelg employee trying to buy burned buildings
what no. this guy was going to all the burned buildings and offering to buy them
seeing as it didnt burn
and that one tavern with a bid under its price
but with their current bid on the property
yea its like the list of available buildings for sale
27 stealth 28 sleight of hand. you spend the week thieving and score two big marks. one hresvelg inspector going through and marking buildings and one noblewoman of a house you dont know. you pick the inspectors list of ruined buildings and offers given, including 1 tavern you know survived the riot. and you get the woman's purse and find a good bit of gold and Pure Silver hand mirror
nah hes just an npc now
or swipe the list
either search all the cells for his people
theres 2 choices for him yea
is something lautrec might be interested in
which you know
sure but it tracks ALL people scheduled to be going in. you could see if theres someone likely to cause a distraction or prisoner shipments. and also people who WERE brought in in the last 2 months
or see who else is there
so if youre on it you can walk right in
no its like a synced guest list
and theyre all synced, like spanreeds
it tracks authorized visitors and whos currently on the island
kept at all teleportation circles and the ferry dock
they do learn though that theres a visitor ledger
the barracks and shit are on the ground level near the northeast corner
they know his where his evidence room and squad barracks roughly are. his apartment is likely near the top of a spire due to his rank but not sure
yo what did you have the petty doing week 2
with a government sigil or pass
theres hundreds of passengers each trip so you might be able to blend in
a real wonder
enchanted to never sink and never stray from the path
full steel, roughly 118ft in length
yea theres a ship that goes to and from every other hour
it probably wont make it back and definitely cant carry cargo
you can pick up a rowboat that will survive the journey for 100gp
3k+
afterwards you can ask parsa how he would have reacted
the drugs have definitely wore off
well its a cage moreso than the cart
idk what their capabilities are fully
you should form the plan with the others probably
without modern fabrics and mechanical engineering to let you guide it down
but its not ideal above a boiling river
parachute isnt exactly rocket science
it arcs up
no the bridge is far above it
at night
the bridge has a rotating patrol
youve staked out that area before or the petty has
to one of its circles
if you don't have a teleportation key
you either jump 200 feet from the silver bridge or sail in
like its located on the river
this is one of the hardest places to break into within the city
aight. anyway you should flesh out more of a plan i think
cultists in masks sounds like some joker shit tho
not yet
nah
is this the joker 
flat red mask gang
you can paint it yourself if you want to
good call
if you want it quick too
for 20 gold youd get some meh masks
depends if its a carved mask or just painted
or pick up some blanks
but yea you can commission carnival masks if you want
its not like the citadel is without wards and mages
depends how they fight the guard right
as far as carnival masks go theyre kind of a specialty item but theres a lady who can make them
usually of higher quality than your standard city guard
the citadel has normal guards
yea they don't guard him but theyre housed in the citadel usually close by
and take the goods
where theyre trained to barge in and arrest or kill everyone
his strike team is kind of like swat
cloaks and cloth is easy and cheap. like under 10 gold cheap
what materials
theres no official guild policy tho
or bonuses
obv morale goes up with pay raises though
though you can set a rate you think is fair
i think when you have them dedicate a week to your tasks you should pay them
only you can see it
with info gathered by the petty
theres a character sheet under misc nobles for william grey
e
fuck thats lam
idk
are there
just takes so long to come out
yea id hope so
yea. maybe one day
fuck thats so long
whens this out
lit
christina is out and im done with work for a little
do you wanna hang out or smth
i guess
i dont really want to split the party but
which boys
no but theres other people from the guild who have seen or will see the ad and compete for it. as long as youre first the time doesnt matter. man just has to die and the shipment gets returned
she has this one in a jar of blood for preservation
probably but they couldve survived. its just a ~4 inch patch of flesh removed
pretty much
but nobody knew their parents well enough to know theirs
yea
gives exhaustion when you run out
its like a mini action surge. gives you an extra bonus action and reaction on a round. con mod times per short rest
if you contact them out of the blue after a break from them
and may sometimes be out on their own work
you can treat them like house staff you dont pay but they get a cut of job money
also your new petty is back from their mission. theyre listed under thieves guild characters
fuck it
yea i rolled for perception and got a 20 so
so tracking "norman grey" is not easy but you manage to do it. a few silver in bribes to local squatters leads the way to an abandoned house just north of marker 6. While meeting them, you notice their guise is an illusion and they dismiss it and introduce themselves as Syvana Folen, second youngest of their huge house. She works with a guild of slavers from Auren moving captured tabaxi drugged and passed for wild cats. A Duke's Eye of moderate rank caught on and intercepted the shipment. His name is William Grey, 64 years old, was a high ranked Eye known for rigid adherence to the laws but got demoted by the son. She wants his death to look deliberate but not trackable. He lives at the Citadel and thats where she thinks hes keeping the shipment. The payment offered is the abandoned house which is in good condition, 3 stories tall with a basement that leads to the Guild network. The top floor contains an altar to Valyra consisting of a marble statue trimmed in gold in a fountain. Also 5000gp or a Lesser Rune of the Quickblade
slaver on a task from his guildmaster. willing to pay a level 10 payment to anyone who completes the job. they were moving in slaves and a government official is holding it hostage so he wants the guy killed. wants you to let him know who sent you and that its ok to let party members know about the job
you got the message though right
fuck its late
its just birthday
wait no i was right the first time
nah the implication in birthday is party
so, birthday party
ill start it when you get here
nah theyve been talking to orcs
aight
are you almost here
wya
yea for sure
so i aint got shit
christinas gone studying for a midterm until wednesday night
lmk if you wanna do smth tomorrow
fuck that kid
thats fine
do you know the guy
your roommate can hear the sociopathic shit said during campaign
i see. still hype tho
tomorrow?
when are you fully moving in
good shit
Don't get shot walking over
Don't get shot walking over
How far are you actually 
What. Did you get in a car the wrong way
What. Did you get in a car the wrong way
Literally directly across the street from it 
There's only one by usc
Yea ik
Pl
1176 West 36th
Yea. Come over and we hang
Wait it's by invite now not code
Yea
You need Lyft tho
You need Lyft tho
Damn. I'll send you the free lift code to try
Unless you're grandma walking
Maps says 15 minute walk
I can fryft to you then
Why. That's close right
And vermont
On 36th
Aight. It's right next to the taco bell by usc
If you come over we can hang and walk around and shit
Nothing. Christina is finishing hw
Cause I'm a mile away rn
Drive or uber or what
Drive or uber or what
Also how did you get there
Is it just you there
so np
yea. its within the free lyft area
so he probably doesnt want to sign a long lease
and i think hes going to berkeley soon or smth
yea cause that place is free
well yea they work and go to school in sm
why are you moving
thats lit
and less from her place
shits only a 20-30 minute walk tho
directly opposite side of usc from me tho
thats kinda close to christinas place
oh wtf. whats the address
sick. when at
its by the chipotle and chickfila
southeast corner of usc
i think?. tuscany apartments. ik its on figueroa
i figure this is her telling the group
xd
as a blackcap
they only tell you how high the conspiracy goes once youre committed
nobody does that
nathaniel, her handler, being a ringleader
i figure redpenny is an enforcer and a blackcap
The city of Daggercourt, being built along the banks of a boiling river, has never struggled with heating. The sewer tunnels double to bring some of the Divide's boiling water underneath the houses and shops in the city to provide warmth. The fact that there are tunnels under the city not filled with unimaginably foul substance has proven a huge boon to the Thieves Guild. When the city was being built over the ruins of Te-rong following the Calamity, a section of the previously existing tunnels was "forgotten" by a particularly incompetent official. This quickly became home to a nest of shady characters who caused the same official to section off the area above their den as the Bazaar and write codes banning permanent buildings.

    Now, the lack of permanent buildings needing heating has disguised the Thieves Guild usage of the forgotten tunnels. A few of the shops rimming the Bazaar are marked with shadowmarks that distinguish them as entrances to the Nest. Unlike their predecessors, the guild members of modernity hollowed out much of the ground, merging the tunnels into an entire underground village complete with questionable stores. Roughly 200 permanent guild members live in the Nest at a given time, mostly fences and spies trading information. The total number of guild members is unknown but most place it around a thousand.

    Organization of the guild follows the same structure set down by the original discoverers of the Nest. Recruits receive a letter from the guild after a full member recommends them, usually through having them perform a simple snatch-and-swap job without being caught. Following the clues to find the Nest is the second test. Upon making their way in, they are paired off with another recruit who becomes their training partner. Roughly a year or so of training and tests later, and recruits learn their final objective: the murder of their partner. He who kills the other is granted full membership as an Initiate and access to certain guild fences, informants, artisans, etc. 

    Initiates are grouped into petties of 8 (a petty being the term for a group of thieves). This petty consists of 2 enforcers, 2 sweet-talkers, an infiltrator, a swifthand, a silencer, and a mastermind. After a year, this petty is reviewed and one member is promoted to Blackcap while the others are reassigned into a new petty. As a Blackcap, a guild member gains the right to post jobs to the guild board and take their own from the board. As a Blackcap, a guild member still performs the role they did in their petty but can form their own petties of any size. Promotion from Blackcap comes from stellar service noticed by a ringleader.

    Up the ladder from the Blackcaps are the Operatives, required to bring in 300gp a month but also granted access to the Officer's Den which is rumored to contain a garden of rare herbs, a stolen Swellbinder rune station, the left index finger of Gemi, and a host of other treasures. Most never rise above Operative but the best of the best are noticed by the Whispering One and promoted to ringleader. Ringleaders manage Operatives and deal with high value clients, as well as taking on the most vital jobs. 

--Something Redpenny said once
also house gloom xd
its a recessive rune with a 1/16 chance to replace the one from your father's line
nah i meant to rewrite that
cause im busy this week
but metallic runes and the church of seiros is the bulk of what i have
then maybe the other churches or smth
im planning on doing the thieves guild handout next
yea no the world wouldve been fuckin doomed
let me write about the adventures of anyone else but our old party
and i was like shit
it literally stemmed from me needing a reason for why metallic runes are so rare
tbh
its like the exact opposite
lmao yea
yew-lyreth and vix-anjing
only 2 of them are double ups
obv without 8 people but
before you summoned lilith all early and shit
its basically where i wanted our last campaign to go
ik
of this campaign
its my favorite meme
hahaha like it
xd yea that was fun for me
because story is lame
and not story
tbh i just wanted to chill and worldbuild
as far as i remmeber
starting the day i mentioned it
Which is kinda the plan. You guys are guinea pigs and then assuredly Milo miles jett leave at the end and we can do the same setting but different start and shit with reddit ppl
Plus again imagine if we do this with randoms and it's all there. It'll be sick
Plus again imagine if we do this with randoms and it's all there. It'll be sick
Yea. At least it's there so I don't feel bad springing shit on them
And it'll be super cool
Mostly so I can reuse this 
Until I have it all
Yea I do more every week 
Go read my lore shit
Damn Mexicans did smth tho
Idk
And some just chilling with light on by the business school
Toward the village from the Tommy Trojan statue
I'm not kidding there's like 5-6 cops gunning it rn
Also it's a GE class
No wonder there's 5 cops with sirens blazing rn
And didn't HMU wtf
What you were here
Probably
Pepega class fr
Still can't bring myself to do it and it's due Wednesday
I spent 4 hours writing shit for campaign instead of an art history paper today
Good enough of a term
Yea
Mostly located around there bazaar because there's few permanent shops so nobody notices there's no heating 
The entrances being safehouses that have trapdoors down
The guild blocked a few off and made their den in them
Because the river water is boiling there's a network of tunnels that go under houses to heat them
The guild uses the thermal tunnels under the city
Ok. The bar is probably by the harbor which is around her street too I assume. You can go to the page and see if there's a particular location
aight. what things
wut
Glaives are good for large amounts of unarmed people
They pretty much are irl
They pretty much are irl
Still just a worse halberd
Still just a worse halberd
So that's up to a d8
So that's up to a d8
Yea but it's masterworked
You can use spear and shield
Spear is versatile
So it's not strictly worse
But a spear can be thrown well
And can be thrown
You'll have to see. Also it's 10ft range
But the spear is more
It's technically masterworked so it's a d8 but still.
Although it's a spear. The worst of weapons
Well in time you'll see what the relic left to the house is made of
Parsa
He's good with harmonic copper
He's good with harmonic copper
Chaotic or smth
Chaotic or smth
He's not lawful good either I think
I'm give you a nice celestial gold weapon 
Really
Aren't you not lawful
Aren't you not lawful
Although I think you should be tracking that yourselves
But I don't have one for the treasury handout 
I want all the handouts to have a related but memey picture
Did you read the exotic metals handout
Yea. I think surprised creatures should get their reaction and nothing else and surprisers get attack or move only
Yea. Maybe you get both if they're unconscious
I think surprise rounds should be movement or action not both
I guess but even then physically moving at them and attacking means they're stunned a full few seconds
Or full asleep
Like working at a quiet desk at home in a castle 
But like surprise should be only if you catch them totally off guard like not even thinking they might be attacked
You could just say attacker and attackee get to roll everyone else without observant/alert/ranger has disadvantage
That's just initiative but gay
You draw first but they draw faster
Even then it's the gunslinger again
But you're still closing the distance. They can react as you're falling
Like the goblins might ambush you but a quick ranger will still shoot before they close in
Cause like with wild west gunslinger it's not who draws first it's who's initiative is quicker
Also I was thinking of enforcing no surprise rounds unless the target is sleeping
Ik
Hmm. I think it should also be one but then it makes more sense at the end
Yea
What if they have two counters. Can they retaliate on two strikes
Idk. I think it should just have a defined time to occur
Or just keep letting it be after the first attack
Should I enforce counter attack at the end of a multi attack
Most to least likely
Most to least likely
My order is Parsa you Milo miles jett 
No jett is less
Besides Parsa who's more likely to read
You're like second most likely to read
No way
Is there too much handouts and backstory. I feel like nobody read it maybe cause it's too long
Is there too much handouts and backstory. I feel like nobody read it maybe cause it's too long
ive zoned you out too
nah i just zone out
gross no
shes fat
no wtf
but not even the real kind
no shes just autistic
bitch rants on everything
about fcking anything
anything
and is too passionate
theres some annoying ass girl in our class who talks too much
yea writing is the worst
yea its gay
so like 400
1 page
ye
just a technical paper
t e c h n i c a l w r i t i n g
gay
i have a paper due about a paperclip
usually not
Yea. This is writing class tho so I write campaign shit
I have fucking class now until 630. Worst schedule ever
Fair but you have to buy them out then. Provide a house and land and shit
Fair but you have to buy them out then. Provide a house and land and shit
Like if I save your life in New York you probably won't move here
Like if I save your life in New York you probably won't move here
And have homes and families there too 
They have to sell from the city
But they won't necessarily move into your land tho
What's the scheme 
Could work
I'm assuming it's gemi
I'm assuming it's gemi
Plus if they move and live on the land it's not out of the way
And historically the estate used to hold certain festivals which jett agreed to let the church hold
Different saints
Read the cleric lair actions they're nuts and have no limits on usage
Yea. It's actually an insane safe room against undead fiends and shit 
And attracts peasants and shit I guess
It counts as a chapel for Lucia
Nope
At the cost of it forever being church property while they pay upkeep and staff
"free"
But that's 5 months away
Especially since when the temple is finished your negative income is gonna be way more negative
Sure. Still has to happen eventually tho
You guys should talk about that first
With no short term one tho
Actually everyone really
Ik. You and jett are scheming for the final play when you haven't even established financial stability or name recognition
Ik. You and jett are scheming for the final play when you haven't even established financial stability or name recognition
Ever considered how to find changelings
That's a reasonable stance
i see. it really be like that
hoes do in call or out call or both
are you in call and out call or just in calls
i expected as much lol
that wasnt much of a revelation
clearly
luckily parsa cced the other 2 friends of derg so they could kill him and bully the friends into leaving
but derg slapped them both down
it was dank overall. their 2 redfoot giants clubbed down one of dergs friends from invisibility
instead of one of the dozen smaller ones
tbf the red foots gave them the big tusks
so they got them in the end. powdered one for the alchemist and sold the other for 400gp
but they traded his head to the red foots for 2
they killed him
but derg brought friends so it ended up a battle of giants
yea. derg wanted them to kill the red foots for 5 tusks each but they convinced the red foots to ambush derg and give them 2
they fuckin killed derg man
everyone plotted their own shit and ended up inciting a giant clan battle
yea. you shouldve seen the clusterfuck that was last session
more fun than /w
ik
It'd be difficult but doable
Possibly
At least nobody can walk in
The gates work tho
So it's mildly sketchy anyway
Also only half the manor is intact
We do but knight lair lautrec and Lucia chance want to sleep in the temple ruins
theres not much stuff
dude 2 people live in a tent
Now we both know thieves cant 
Fucking phone keyboard
Yea it does. At least a thieves guild liason is useful
Yea it does. At least a thieves guild liason is useful
Wondering why nobody else took the offer xd
It's just you. She'd be showing up with the employment flyer a month later
No it's already been a month
Just Parsa
They're going to meet with this woman 
They're going to meet with this woman 
Do you want to introduce redeem redpenny by having her show up to the manor a month after the other recruits or as the handmaid of this noblewoman alchemist the others are meeting with
and recruits better allies
yeah but they decided a chapel is a better front
and parsa is a bard
knight lautrec is the paladin
milo is a cleric
jetts a warlock
also the keep is a paladin's chapel
cool
btw can you do friday 730
for money
for
and legitimate ventures of money
you do black market stuff for control of people
in character you probably know the cut is pretty big
its weird how everyone's first instinct is to butt into thieves guild territory
Cool I'll check it after dinner
Also he's a bit of a stalker
And what he deduced from that
He's a known informant so he knows what other houses are asking from him
He's a port beggar
Probably not
He said dragons but you know
So Milos other idea is hunt a rare creature to sell its parts for startup money
So Milos other idea is hunt a rare creature to sell its parts for startup money
Should be affordable really
Aight. The dues are 10gp a month anyway
In case petty thievery is below you
Yea. But you can also contract them too this way
Vs just skimping duties
Otherwise it's like full suspension of guild privileges and duties
Yours. If she pays she can still use guild fences and informants
Does she still pay guild dues or no
Is she still a member just doing a long term side gig now instead of guild work 
Like an informant or fence is a contractor
No like on a permanent contract vs getting paid for information or specific jobs
As an initiate or contractor
It's really gay
Jack Kelly
Alright. That's good
Who's she connected with
Ok. What about allies
Complete redo works
Yea go for it. Make some up but not too many. Or you can look at the other handouts and see. Like the hresvelgs run shipping so maybe one of them did something. 
Did you come up with bonds and enemies for missy 
and lmk what you think im missing or any other type of contact you think should be in there
want to read through the list of allies and contacts for me
good idea or bad
so money generation is really important to start
so actually house income is -130
one of which is a street informant
yea i left a handout with a handful of connections
keep
than busting into a kep
as far as robbery goes i figured a carriage would be easier
yea
sketchy places
etc
harbor
sewer
i was thinking more like map of the estate
youre supposed to be imitating noblemen
why would you ever fight in the arena
a temple
a few mines
im more thinking making a bunch of road and alley maps
but i feel like this just leads to a lot of them
i hate those improv drawn maps
true. tbh im just trying to think what to prepare
parsa told me about this thing where they murdered a tavern owner and then disguised as him to sell the place to themselves
to buy the establishment
so are you thinking robbery or what to get that first chunk of money
but with a nice keep and a house guard they should be manageable
assassinations should be expected
at some point you need to be legit to vie for status
you can only get so big with black money
getting known and gathering info at the same time
but fixing it allows for hosting events
poor investment and all
yea fixing it immediately isnt the best idea for obv reasons
As it grows then others need to be dealt with to clear your turf
Well rn the house is so destitute nobody is paying attention
Rescuing a mason. Etc
Clean money
Assassination contracts or thievery to pay masons
Black market money
Yea but there's ways to go about it
Your property is crumbling and you have a handful of farmers left in the village
So what's the first thing you'd do if you were left a barely functioning noble house
Probably going to drop the income to like 300
RN it's at 670 but that's high I feel
 500 gp with an undecided monthly income
Or being nice to get them to join
Blackmailing artisans to work for you
Or buying taverns by sabotaging them to drop the value
Recruiting is more like going to mines and clearing them out so they produce again
I want this to be do whatever
I don't want to set a path tho
You think the party will go for recruiting first or straight into sabotage and shit
Anyway. Any ideas what you want to do first
assuming miles hasnt
ik milo and jett havent
is a good place to start
well knowing what artisans can be recruited and what they can do
but its still missing a name
theres a handout with all the details on it underneath
you do know youre starting with a keep
for our autistic group
do you think the stronghold and artisans part is too complex
I'll see you then
Oh aight sick 
What's that
What
Whenever you can
I said 6 but Ik you show up late so
The one I've talked about in chat repeatedly
My birthday party
Can you make Saturday
wanna play risk
yo
we got some illegals to shoot
you here
aight bitch
you almost home
tell that bitch to fuck off too
shouldve kicked them out
i figured
how late
aight cause milos playing fire emblem
do we need full 4
wanna play then
when are you home
yea
jett and i wanna play risk of rain and you have it
yo are you home
i figured. nobody else would deal with that cancer
kevin?
who are you and parsa campaign with
trist with red buff/titanic and gunslingers blows up their whole team in 2 seconds
also you cant do the on hit cheese with vayne
nobles suck and rangers suck
yordle and gunslinger are 2 of the best comps
shes deadass probably the best 1 cost
disable everything about their team 4 at a time
you should try gunslingers except you make trist into demon with sword breaker and hush
always got a tier 3 kennen or veig
off forcing yordles every game
literally 5 game 1st place streak
tbh tho the big thing is yordles counter the shit out of the ninja/assassin comp everyones doing rn
cause they cant ult to fuck him up
yea it makes him win every 1v1
or warmog if its real 1v9
cause he takes no damage
and he 1v9s
also if you have yordles you can put demon + pd + dragon claw on gnar
cause theres 2 sorcs already so one more is synergy
the best one was kayle made into a sorcerer for literal undying team
or any other sorc
my personal preference is yordles + morg
yea if nobody else goes yordles i build it every time
and shojin is better than double seraph
you need 4 tears on him to instant ult at the start
plus the rest of the yordles
its still 800 damage
i think my build is straight up the best except if maybe the tear was static shiv
so at 3 its an instagib on anything but a 3* unit
nah you dont need deathcap his ult auto kills any unit below his star
so its just pop pop any non 3*
then only needs 2 autos to go again
but deadass this bitch starts every fight with ult up
he had 3 sorc boost tho
i stacked him with seraph shojin and a tear
just wtf
level 3 veigar ult hits 22k on any 2* or lower unit
somehow going back in time has given evandar a touch of planar magic
ive learned something from the teleporter fuck up
but tbh i like horizon walker cause its more flavorful
you can 1v1
but the gloom stalker cheese is any creature that doesnt have blindsight in darkness
so thats the horizon walker cheese
without ropes
or really you climb super fast
yea so you can kind of fly
you can blink to them 20ft at a time
but if theres platforms
and go 10ft each time
no cause you can only attack 2 times in 6 seconds
and teleport upwards
means  you can just shoot at walls
combined with that it specifies ANY unoccupied space and not any place on the ground
and just blink around
out of combat
is you can take attack actions against inanimate objects
the funny thing about the horizon walker teleporting before attacks tho
nah you dont have to be
or smth
it should be a glaive ranger
tbh tho horizon walker just feels like
but close quarters shooter + horizon walker is pretty good
i was thinking of taking two weapon fighting at 6 for my second fighting style
when you hve 20 dex
medium armor sucks
is d10
nah its the ranger hit die
with 4 con more
hmm youre not even that much over me lol
autism rogue
its honestly easier to just go elsewhere
well i have no attachment to it anymore
place sucks anyway
yea thats my opinion on what to do
but rn i think its always gonna be
my point was i figured we'd be done with the scripted part 
anyway
or there couldve been a roof
just weird
it wasnt that bad
of the church
but had to go in the front
yea when we tried to climb the walls
like with the walls and shit
idk i think its just cause he doesnt go off the script
nah no matter what it would happen
like jett was right we only ended up there cause milo didnt have anything else prepped
i mean it was just scuffed as fuck
so i didnt pay much attention to how it started
starting when the trial did
idk. i played tft
there were 3 days
then melt the bars
i mean idk why he didnt wait for them to leave
to get your keep
its like WoW you need to build rep
i just wanna do some open world questing shit
tbh tho i thought we'd be done with the scripted part of the story by now tho
true
scuffed
lul
or else you cant do the force damage thing
where you need to be 30ft
tbh i like horizon walker except the part
after being hit
horizon walker gets to reaction become resistant
and 15 you get to use reaction to give an attack disadvantage
also you can reroll 1 missed attack at 11 vs teleporting 10ft before every attack
just this feature
yes
wisdom save proficiency vs eherealness
disguise self/rope trick/fear vs pfge/misty step/haste
like +30ft darkvision and invisibility to other's darkvision
well gloom stalker has other stuff
lul
wtf did you do
ik
or fat turn 1 ambush and invisibility in darkness
fr tho do you think short range consistent damage and mobility with some portal cheese stuff
im bored
league or talk
yea. if you figure it out lmk. hopefully soon
still dont know?
until june right
so youre working yea
do you know if your schedules ever getting fixed
Ok wait in front of wahlburgers
Are you like a block out 
[11/12/2018 3:41:18 PM] Eric Huang: 14-17-9-3-5;   9-E;   5-14-5-12-E-9-14-19;   1-E-4;   1-C-17-1-19-13;   17-9-14-8-9-E;   5-19-5-13-9-7-8-14;

&lt;&lt;&lt; 20 23 9 3 5   9 14    5 20 5 18 14 9 20 25   1 14 4   1 12 23 1 25 19   23 9 20 8 9 14   5 25 5 19 9 7 8 20
Ok I'm coming
Where are you rn
Building is SCI
That's the room 
You here yet?
Aight I'll see you in a bit then
C'mon
Mars
It's value
I'll give you 10 bucks and there's free pizza
Ay legit tho come tomorrow
Get over
You're closer than me and it's 15 min for me
id look like a goddamn prince
but in taiwan if i had no tan and just stayed skinny
and muscular
see the problem is all the girls here want tan
and not ruin it by going swimming and tanning
so i want my kid to inherit that
mine is naturally pasty white which is basically as noble looking as it gets
also because the ideal child is pale as hell and those tend to have the lightest skin
because mainlanders since communismm are good for nothing pieces of shit ruining their country, east asia, and the world at large
and certainly no modern mainlander dna
not the 1900's fleeing communist mainland 
or 1600's mainland chinese immigrated to taiwan
the definition im thinking of is either native aboriginal blood
its rare dude
and most are tainted with at least some mainlander dna
since im looking for a pure blood taiwanese one like me
yea. i mean ideally though the perfect girl is pretty difficult to find
so solving that is all i need
the biggest worry is they wont look like the pure blooded should
theres no way with my genes and my future wifes they wont be top percentile or higher intellectually
ill have one for sure
i mean as long as i can ensure my kid is a pale skin, dark eye, dark hair, pure asian gened girl
and various other more simple cognitive abilities
though they can choose traits that improve memory
cant be picked
but at the same time, more complex things like intellect which is dna coded across thousands of pairings on various chromasomes
and theres certainly a ton of liberals that will fight for it to be illegal
meaning though its available it may not be legal
however, its also a highy controversial subject
youd be able to ensure your kids get the recessive
and marry a woman who also does
you can if you posses recessive white skin tone genes
or edit live genomes
no they cant implant the cured embryos
since its so recent
so its going to be a decision we will probably face when we have kids
based on traits dormant or active in the parents genome
like eye color, hair color, skin tone, etc
however, we are on the brink of being able to "design" our babies in simple cosmetic ways
but that due to legality the embryos must be terminated after 14 days and cannot be implanted in a human womb
that i dont really want to type out
through a lot of advanced protein-ribosome mechanics
to remove downs and other birth defects
like did you know currently scientists have succesfully used CRISPR to edit the genome of a human embryo
it helps for both trivia and technical interviews
like about CRISPR or modern graphics optimization
cause every now and then they list relevant and modern ones
i get them off the professors pages
sometimes when its intersting
ill read academic papers for intellectual reasons
fantasy is for adventure and drama
if i want intellectual stimulation im not reading fantasy
basically
or inversely you expect the horrible
because the characters are the way they are now
you know nothing bad will happen in it
the past is the past
otherwise its just not intersting
i need stuff happening
also if you havent noticed every book is a specific characters flashback
thats what makes it interesting
theres always too much in the present
and the feel
like seeing the Recreance ruins the mystery
its not as mysterious and interesting once its spelled out
hard outweighs stuff from the past
stuff happening in the present
ew no
Boom 
Total is 63 vs 45
And kingkiller is a 9 and a 5
See Stormlight is a 7 on character and a 9 on events
Better than well developed people do nothing at all
Yea Abe that book sucks
Like you go scene to scene but stuff doesn't change much
Imagine a game where stuff rarely happens
A story that isn't about events... What
But I think the point of stories is to tell of events
Colloquially I'll call it a theme
Whatever you want to call it
Motif
It has to be 10 books
10 is a theme
10 essences
10 orders
And it's thematic to the cosmere
10 books is enough
It should be a long drawn out battle
It wouldn't be a good story to defeat a God quickly and easily
The series wouldn't ever finish if it slowed 
If it had more actual things happening it'd be exponentially better
Idk. I still think it's just missing too many events
Yea but I feel like he plays into the fantasy of dumb people to be a prodigy and half ass everything
Cause it's too normal and I know in reality there's no grand feeling of it
But personally it just doesn't make for a compelling character
Maybe it's novel for others
Since brilliance is relative
Maybe not
Er
I feel like a lot of others will be like me though you feel
Like basically I don't get a sense of wonder from his magic system and the Arcanum because it's just my actual life lol
He makes bad choices and antagonize people 
You see where I'm going
The protagonist is a prodigy in said system and drifts through classes
Sounds like my life
Magic is a complex system only the most brilliant can understand
So it's just so mundane even though it's fantasy
So everything falls away because it's so easy
And only have one real goal
I know exactly what it's like to be the brightest but not have the means or motivation
I can pretty much predict kvothe by what I would do
And feel their thoughts
And see their side
I much prefer books where I can get into the minds of another
It's like a biography of myself
Talented, brilliant, lazy, self serving
For him not to be normal
I relate far too much with him
Because normality is boring
Normal people don't make for good story characters
It doesn't make for a good story
The ones relatable and normal
They're the ones real people have
Yea but his flaws aren't interesting imo
He's brilliant but a dog
Kvothe is selfish and unrepentant, scheming and cowardly
I think he alone is a more complex character than kvothe
Not who he is
And that his entire reputation is because of what he has 
And realizing his power was inherited, not earned
Adolin is a man struggling to come to terms with becoming nobody from being the center of the world
Shallan is always naive
Kal is headstrong
Wise
And only dalinar or jasnah are write
It's fantasy. I took it should be dramatic
Forceful or dramatic
It's about self discovery as much as heroism
Because they're children almost
They haven't learned everything
I think it's just making characters more human
In context though it's far more moving than any line in kingkiller
"Accept the pain, but don't accept you deserved it"
"Sometimes a hypocrite is nothing more than a man in the process of changing"
"i will protect those I hate, even if the one I hate most is myself"
Ya just pick one. And remind others it's a thing. 
also what was the cringest fuckin pm
But your idea is better for now
Especially the last
I was kinda thinking of one of the last two
The more extreme option was drop both and start again. New setting either like an adventurers school like the magicians or Harry Potter style, a guild with jobs and stuff like fairy tail, or the elven rebellion of the first war
It
I like how we were both thinking jut
Yea. You do that
Yea ik 
We should drop atlas
yea cause youre a fag
4
Ask Parsa lol
No 
Good. At least he finished the game before quitting 
Less anime
Aight. Understandable
Who would be better as like a temp npc to join. Verellion or an elf
Badass of the series
Dalinar is a beast tho
And king T
Also fuck moash
It's a different world but it ties in
Get on warbreaker then
Bro
Hey. Finish oathbringer
His soul was corrupted and ravaged by lillith. If anything he's a demon now
And so the dawnbringers helped rinasel free them since they also hate the northerners
But not all went. Just most
Yea. Also they revealed the elves were trapped in the abyss by the Daughter because they chose to try and end her there
Yea I'm gonna be 10 late
Yea. Minus 50 dkp for everyone
You'll see
Nah kal and jasnah only
Nah kal and jasnah only
Azure lol. You should read warbreaker 
That's what's good
Only villains do that
Nah that's a shit ship 
The creepy spren
Good name
Yea lol
Are you at alethkar in oathbringer yet
Nice. I'm on "break" watching the playground for the next hour or so
When are you getting home
But just... Nothing edgy
If any give you a good char then you can give them the join link and I'll make them a sheet
What. You can't do it from mobile
Aight. If you want, put me in a Skype with them and I can help too 
And any background so we can weed the edges
Sounds kind of great. See what class/race they want
That's... Not names or details
Can you tell me about any. All guys I assume. Any names or details
Or our age
Like old people 
And did anyone pm
Anyone cool
Lul
The replies... Auto send pms tho
Actually I saw three responses
So persuasive
Wow mars. So eloquent
Exksdee
Everything
You dumb thot you use that for ensuring
Like from before 
Wait I already know it
Make a throw away idiot
Well I do now
Lul. Gj
No I mean just make a post and see who's not an edgy fucker
There's a whole sub for it. R//lfg
You wanna do the recruitment 
Well either way I wanted more than 4 and this may be the time to find better role players online anyway
Idk. Never felt like that to me
Just memes
Even gemi 
You know what tho. Milo was one of the only memes people. I honestly think online players might be better
Kal was just a slave
Dalinars are badass. The memory of a man who literally made a kingdom
Dalinar flashbacks are best flashbacks
Dalinar flashbacks are best flashbacks
Damn. It's really addicting
Nice. Also how far into oathbringer at re you
Like which days are best
When do you work until
And have vaguely pointed ears
Ik. That's the problem of his design tho. The Royal line has narrow and angular features so he's gonna look older
He looks like he's in his twenties when he's a teen 
Yea but he's supposed to look younger
And I can't even work on it rn cause no iPad
I wish I had done Anariel in pencil. He looks so dark because of pen 
I'm so bored at work rn
Ik. He's just damage tho
Yea I've seen it. I haven't needed any enemies to be super smart tho since y'all just run at them with no cc or battle controlling spells
Abrasion and progression
Yea. It's her order
Lift has a short book too. It's pretty good
But my favorite thing ever is just adolin murdering sadeas for being a bitch 
There's a real good ideal in oathbringer
Like shallans suck. But as it reveals more like kal it gets better
The revealed ideals get better and better
Also the third wind runner ideal is so good
Fuck sadeas
Syl and pattern too 
Is pretty great
The irony of them hating each other
And adolin. The duels and kal. So good
Act 3 kaladin 
She straight murders a bitch
Shallan is secretly og 
Fuck tyn
Yea
When does shallan use one in wor 
"The hidden weapon only ten heartbeats away"
The chapter with the thieves and jasnah
She hinted at one yea
What do you mean
You gotta read words of radiance. Is somehow more epic than way of kings
Lol. That was a good reveal
Feels bad to be szeth
Fuck tara
Like how kal saw things
The things she's seeing. It's obvious she has one
I am a stick 
Earlier
It was way easier
As Jesus intended
Wine to blood
I mean after the whole soul casting thing
It's just not explicit
Well it's pretty obvious
Shallans is dank af 
All the radiant spren are amazing characters
And syls revelation that she isn't windspren
Like he just summoned his blade in the middle of the enemy camp
I also love how ready adolin was to kill sadeas
My favorite part was sacrificing his own blade for the bridge men 
Also recognizing he isn't the peacemaker after all
But he still just clean sweeps the king
Yea. His own plate was already smashed to shit and he had no blade
You'll see
Finish 69 and let's talk
Really early. Same with his Words
It manages to be better than kal vs the shardbearer 
Tower
The fucking tier
I hated mine
Ew. Who celebrates that
It's six there right
Just finish 69: Justice. It's so good
Elhokar is just average while the rest are the best at something
All the kholins except elhokar are amazing
Fuck you. I love adolin 
The bait and switch
The feast and strap right
Oh wait you're close to 69 if freed dalinar of guilt means what I think
Are you before or after jasnahs lesson
It's hard to stop
Same. I read all of oathbringer between the plane rides these last few days
And I want to talk about it
Cause 69 is the best one
What chapter are you
How's syl doing
Idk. What chapter are you on
Well it gets more interesting. Also they all use bridge men. Sadeas just uses his as bait
Sadeas is a cuck 
Sadeas has no blade
Fuck sadeas
Yea. See faster tho
Lol. I was thinking a later one
I wanna know if it was the moment I'm thinking of 
which chapter
You see the bible I got for milo
Go for it
Yea it's just a one shot and he's going to become a legendary figure regardless
Where's the monastery
Yea I can see that
So what are their beliefs then
Well you already know it irl
Ok. Fair enough
Tbh I'm just waiting until gemi finds out what waiting so long has caused
Sure. It'll make her happy
Yea. I figured 19 and 20 basically makes your spell as powerful as one from the old days
I mostly meant the echo
The lightning might force you to hit allies
Yea. There's two really good ones though
It's seventy five twenty five good too bad but some good stuff is chance to fuck you
There
Yea but it sucks if you throw aoe and four rounds later they just aren't three
You do you. I'm just in it for magical railguns and shit
I've got empty lists that I fill what they are after I use a name
Yea exactly
Boom. Done
Like just have names and when you need an npc/god with that kind of name
I just kinda made it when I needed it
Like I didn't have xolruthar prepped
But eventually you end up winging it anyway
That's not bad
That's not bad
Ew. You can legit do one race at a time
Much easier lol
Ik. I make them when it's need
The original idea was a human who was an experiment to see how powerful a wizard they could create but wasnt as good as the others they made so he fell in as a bounty hunter 
So they're a bit busy
They also watch over the plane of fire like the tritons guard the plane of water
Their imperial arm is long and reaches across much of the continent but they perpetually fight the northerners and eladrin they share a continent with
Honestly I've got like 3 pages of info to either have some npc explain or just post to chat
I'll put off anything bigger until you get there
Ok. I think I can make the rest of his choices knowing that
its a json file of all converastions
to get it indented the way i have it you need to do some fancy json manipulation
thats the right image xd
is there yellow on there?
and youre pantheon then yea you can ff
but its 5-10 at 8 min vs kass aphelios yuumi whatever
i.e. its 20-20 at 30 minutes even towers and drakes then no ff
say at 40% chance then you can ff
you could use that to just tie in when the surrender is allowed
real talk they have the data available to train a predictor that calculates the likelihood of winning
can't wait to see how they fuck up another good idea
actually good use of ML from riot
good use of your 10 messages
Jungle Madbush :  i only watch rengar x yuumi
although we learned that if youre not black and roll up to a model home neighborhood they will feed and tour you
you guys wouldnt believe how little social distancing the republicans down in laguna niguel do
you guys wouldnt believe how little social distancing the republicans down in laguna niguel do
instead of just being not the problem and blasting the looters back to the ghetto
but the cops waste resources on the protesters cause the chief is actually brain damaged
xd. actually its kinda just the looters and the cops that are the problem
did you guys sign the change petition to have the police chief bitch fired
fuck the protesters but extra fuck the looters
yea thats what i like to hear
anyone tryna get back on the mc grind
hivemind pretty sick
yea i had to sit next to her dumb ass a whole year
knew this bitch was dumb ever since econ but ig the world knows now too
anyway sign the thing so we can get someone with the balls to actually protect the city
and lockdown the city so we dont have to curfew for a week
send them back downtown
nah i just think she shouldve had them gassed or smth
imagine caring about ~1000 bucks worth of chain store shit omegalul
imagine using cops to look at protesters and not do their job
TLDR: dumb bitch cop too afraid to shoot looters - fire her skank ass
TLDR: dumb bitch cop too afraid to shoot looters - fire her skank ass
sign this shit
Oof
its a thing of beauty
they ended up trapped here where their panic creates golems which are fed to the flames
and this time shit actually dies its not just some cuck in a cage
which has opened up a whole new form of genocide
i figured out how breed villagers and then move them through the nether
remember how i said i architect genocide in minecraft
IP: txixtxtxixexsx.aternos.me
damn i pulled a parsa
server is up
mb
hacker stuff
port forwarding
thats what i used to do
no you can just pay like 2 bucks for someone else to host
Not even surprised
Apparently the girl from the clips earlier is twitch staff 
voice chat is discrimination reeee
isnt that your plan
outpost santa monica should open a dominos so all the people can do this. bump up that town happiness
this guy doesnt commit
lite coke
xd. all i said was faculty was useless all semester and screwed like 5/8 teams with short trailers and shit scheduling
ty USC
and i got banned from chat
we only had the thot
but not our game pepehand
they have kibler playing shit on stream
ez
well guess its over. peaked 6k while the next bitch only got 1.8
now its the next fuckers game
she was streaming our game
theres definitely issues beyond the possibility of inbreeding with incest
brave take
Milo Amoore christina wants you to read this
all if you have an android go download "retronomicon" from google play
so brave
wow so edgy
its the lack of sweaty fat drunks you know
japan does this whole thing where kfc is booked out on like christmas or smth cause people wanna dine there
'chains' is better than fast food in that sentence
ig 
yea that place was good. fast food in asia is closer to real restaurants which is lit
not like just the staff
yea. way better than the sm one tho
where the boob size definitely isnt the drawing point
also the only one ive been to in 5 years was the taiwan location
i meant more that they have a lot of waitresses hot in other ways
the endless boneless wings was lit
ngl i used to go to hooters for the food. its the only thing they have up on a strip club
its the implication but not the standard
oh? where the bibbas going 
stupid bitch had it coming clearly
and bait her into dying 1v2
she pinged me like 4 times so my only choice was to flame the shit out of her
my orianna today at 4 minutes
world record for making a teammate afk
or for the enemy having good aim
you guys ever consider that the purple heart is literally a badge for moving slower than your comrades
lets be real the kid would win
RIP november kids
144hz is nice. huge difference between using the one i have now and the older one
its lit
ay my game is on the android store
how much do you hate women
and ua/no
which source books are you using
tokens
oh pog
the knot takes way too long to undo
youre the worst wtf
twist gay
just tucking gang rise up
none of the sites i checked recorded where it was or how large it was tho
yea i got rocked too
fucking incredible
fucking BISRAT MOGES just sent me a baidu link
secret police are essential. cmv
idk actually. nobody had follow up on the post for certain
irl sett ult
how much is 1 month in gold rn
although idk how much inflation has occurred
see i would but all my gold is on the mage already
im gonna play a jew for 2 weeks then quit till the next xpac
me :smiley:
nah thats good. china dogs off my game
careful or he'll challenge you to a fight
no he just takes guaranteed crits while unconscious
whyd they nerf lux r when its already shit
looks like dogshit
anyone see valorant gameplay
wut
also
anyone bored enough to play league
yea
about calling buggs bunny a disney property
mars come in discord so parsa can flame you
also its too good of an idea to have been trump
imo
doesnt read official enough
clearly its a mugshot for wesley snipes
dank
when someone is in lobby for intermediate bots riot shortens it to inter. bots
on the bright side USC made it so all courses can be taken pass/no pass this semester and count for graduation
i need healing
i need healing
i need healing
im gonna die from corona boys its lit
AYY I HAVE A FEVER
blackouts every 10 minutes for the last damn hour
world is fucking ending
either irl and illegally or just over skype
any negi wanna play jackbox games
anyone played AC odyssey 
so you should be familiar with it already then
his voice is pog
you guys see new fiddle
1 round rq?
wheres the hard r
you know the answer to the hotness question
if she desperate
how do you not know
she hot?
anyone wanna see parsa run it down on reksai
well it was nice knowing you
Moved all my shit home 
Me back in fifteen
trump doing nothing is like the shittiest case
either lets let the world fully collapse and ride the storm for fun or roll some tanks down main street and force people into their houses
but thats still doing smthh right
italy is fully shut down which is hilarious because fuck the EU
asia did free testing and government takeover of core services as well as providing key supplies
and there really will be riots
if they do nothing than in a few months all the healthcare will be overrun
exactly. you prevent the storm by authoritative and quick government intervention
its what we need if we want to prevent everyone from catching it
also forcing the hospitals and doctors to work free
and forcibly took over stadiums and other large centers to build hospitals within a week
china just used drones and shit to tell people to stay inside
its not even martial law tho
xd
country goes to shit just move out
and save some lives
thats fine imo. teach them the price of rebellion
then another million a week
than let the virus spread bc we're looking at 1 million cases in 19 weeks
im saying its better we flatten some dumbass hippie protesters and enforce a quarantine
really
you think the government cant suppress the populace
with the cocksucker rebels
make some human pie like tiananmen square
tanks
even if they did the government has you knkow
and one retard in michigan got 50 ppl sick
while the US is relying on an honor system
and theyre already recovering OK for being patient 0
they quarantined 19 million over 550 cases
we need a stronger central govt so we can do what china did
A few months of isolation is lit 
Yea that's like 2-3 people you're close to dying
Sounds clean
Hang out inside and league or end all day
Death 
Martial law is better than Darth
Also I just don't wanna die. I want to see Europe die 
Yea. We have no more physical class too 
Let's go for black plague records you feel
I hope the EU collapses into anarchy and shit. Sounds dank 
Usc shut down until April 15 lmao
who saw that coming huh
yang endorses biden
then we come in and make a company that uses this data to generate ads for exactly what you need
xd
like you're thirsty so you put a coke ad on their email
ooh or little trackers in your blood that monitor your exact body composition and health shit so you know exactly what you need
bionanotech like wound repair bots and shit
sick
whats round 2. technical, onsite, phone call etc
shit. nice
ni
ay same. our classes are virtual now lol
Lau bruh
who desire the end of china
he is but one of many
scum tactic
but he simplified it
i was gonna say Remove China Flu is free
honor him
yea ik. im just selfish as fuck so i havent changed
i like economic conservatism and social liberalism to some degree
then again i do too so maybe we're just boomers
christina still loves hillary
bruh its not even boomer women only
then again the easiest way to presidency is as biden or bernie's vp and wait for their boomer ass to die in office
or some favor for next election
probably angling for a paycheck
idk if she wants VP
bet
but shes gonna endorse biden
her bleeding heart followers already moved to sanders
ngl
expected her to back biden
d
milo just hates women x
thus continues the unbroken streak of men as presidents
voting omegalul
cause theyll have to handle the fallout
coronavirus is gonna fuck up and mar the term of whoever's next anyway
ay lets be real
even if i agree with him on  most shit this boomer faggot hates gamers
pepehands
biden is just such a tragedy tho. likes guns, likes death penalty, hates weed and minorities, just happens to hate gamers
i literally dont know any of her positions bc shes irrelevant
unironically
ngl the only fucker i hate more than bernie is biden
mars i think scraping people's public posts is already fully legal
to spread whatever they want
and sell that data to other people
we simplify the process of creating a 'viral' whatever
the point is to learn which people are easily influenced and use them to convince their network
mars youre misunderstanding this. its subliminal on the weakest links in a social network
get rich quick
im thinking we just repurpose that a little
theres someone at my lab whos doing profile-building AI to detect which avenues a specific person is most influenced by
ez money tho
and like with extra-high importance targets, like the close friends of presidents or smth you can install gait-recognition AI to city cameras to mark them wherever they go to get even more data than what's on social media
and like with extra-high importance targets, like the close friends of presidents or smth you can install gait-recognition AI to city cameras to mark them wherever they go to get even more data than what's on social media
ooh we can make people pay to opt out. theres a lot of potential here
whos with it
but i think an easier company is just building the AI to create the network from scraped social data. then we sell it to media companies and make bank
then we have him because its not propaganda, its coming from his close network
then we find which of them is easily influenced and which we need to go another layer deeper on until we have say 20% of his network swayed
example: if jett is a high influence leader but he's hard to sway with subliminal propaganda then we find his network = smth like milo, me, his mom, etc
if anyone wants to turn this into an actual company and business we'll be fucking rich as hell
and use this to spread ideas "organically" by planting it in the key targets
so basically what i'm saying is that you can eventually build a network of ALL humans and then track key targets both easy to influence and likely to influence others
idk how i thought of this but hear me out
the average max size of hunter-gatherer groups is 50 because that's the optimal # of people in terms of group dynamics, past that you don't know every person in the group thoroughly. from this we can extrapolate that every person has ~50 people they are most influenced by, right. In the best overlap case, there are 1225 (50*49/2) possible 2-way relationships to track pertaining to this clique. average case is probably larger but not large enough to be beyond computation. ANYWAY, its hypothetically possible with modern tech to build a neural network that scans someone's social media accounts to build their network of 50 and all cross connections, then use this to extrapolate the people they are most influenced by and how influenceable they are. Also, learning the connections of those will eventually give you a large set of easily influenced people with high degrees of influence on important targets
literally woman
LMAO Jetts a bitchh
gay pete is dead
lmao damn. he's coming for the gamers
75 minute power nap. pce
deadass
thats my plan 
go take a nap you simp
league
Half the votes minus the simps
sick of working with indians and mainlanders
will vote a fucking potato in if thats what it takes
you know what i really want. a candidate that will stop handing out h1b visas like halloween candy
truly we are the most oppressed
can always move countries. speak enough languages and have an in demand skill set
i guess. whoever wins will win tho and nothing will really change
and his hatred for gamers
also because the only candidate who has even a chance of making my life worse is joe
effort is pain
im with parsa. voting is effort
im always up to help a boomer cross the rift
least favorite kindergarten lesson
also parsa youre a nerd
where youre totally rested yet you slept too long to ever truly wake
9 hours is the sweet spot
he didnt get his baby nap
Pog
the order you listed them is tilting me
milo can you get pregnant
anyone else see jett's skype account without the status bubble 
this man pale as shit and cant birth
also why the fuck does annie+fizz+rumble = garen
star guardian comp every game. tft only
thats clean
also changes how long your startup from sleepy to working is
personally i only need 6-7 if i fall asleep midnight but i need 8+ if i sleep 2am
depends. some people need more to function and some need less
at your advanced age you should just follow health guidelines and eat your minimum calories, drink the suggested amount of water, and sleep 8+ hours
most gamers dont
most gamers dont
alright. youre undereating
Signs of undereating include:
Low energy levels and constantly feeling tired or exhausted
Regularly constipated
Constantly hungry
Moody and irritated easily
Poor mental concentration
Dizziness
Loss of period or normal menstrual function
Inability to get pregnant
Constantly thirsty
Constantly feeling cold
Hair loss and brittle nails
Pale complexion
also this
headaches and lack of energy and shit come before the fainting
well this is like really severe dehydration
does this sound like you
igns of severe dehydration include:

Not peeing or having very dark yellow pee
Very dry skin
Feeling dizzy
Rapid heartbeat
Rapid breathing
Sunken eyes
Sleepiness, lack of energy, confusion or irritability
Fainting
and stir in honey
if its irritating you can just microwave it to warm
maybe drink warmer water
how does it give you a stomach ache lmao
its literally 0 calories 0 flavor 0 nutrients except the water
water is the least reactive shit ever
or 8 glasses
its like 2 liters a day
if youre thirsty youre really dehydrated
i mean you can also just see if youre thirsty
youre dehydrated
slight yellow is ok
if its not clear
passing out sounds like dehydration
or dehydrated
maybe  youre just underfed
but thats worth it for energy now
youll die at 50
ez
50% meat, 25% fruit, 25% carbs and vegs
would recommend
also i eat a bunch of fruit
at this age you can just balance meat/carbs and some vegetables and be fine
its healthy when youre old and decrepit
granola is boomer food
christina cooks lol
lmao
your diet fucking sucks you go out for burritos like every day
i wake up 10am 6 hours of sleep and im zooming
we're zoomers tho
if theres gamer hours
damn i think my blood is turning toxic
bc that happened to me and i sat there for like 5 minutes with a needle in my arm before needing to be hit with smelling salts to wake up
when they drew your blood did it slowly crawl out like thick sludge
yikes
gonna be the first time in years SM cops have shit to do
and when i drove by him he yelled "Why does everyone drive by. Why do you think im crazy"
theres some crazy black dude on my street waving his phone and yelling at cars to stop
same
huge brain play by putin. just support both sides and you can never lose
Apply as a first year
also grads should have a job/internship paying them right
continuous cost vs one-time cost
Shit dude me too 
What's it over
Ofc 
The usual suspects
I'm assuming fucking hippies or sjws
Wtf is happening there 
Lul
Big F
just come here
ay usc made tuition free if you make under 80k a year and doesnt count home equity towards financial need now
meta  slave
Can't tea time to max charisma irl
Fe girls are better than real ones
but most importantly he bolshevicc
sonic thicc
why you calling me out
Fair enough 
.6% odds everything is fucked
xd
this is why we need the death penalty
just do whatever i get paid to right
hell yea
i should go into law
but if we give them a bigger res slightly north and fully in texas we can close that border and take in exactly the refugees we can afford
bc theres also a bit of our border which is still native territory which means we cant patrol it or build the wall there
this is a huge brain idea
and the majority of people coming in would fit in. obv not all cause some are mix spanish-indigenous but a significant are full native
thats a lot of free space
wait actually why dont we just shove refugees onto reserves
this is america
clearly we have shown we don't want them here
most south american refugees are indigenous
or finish them off
YouTube really knows what I wanna see huh 
average korean is hot as fuck
and it works
all the chicks get surgery to look good
eastern europe is good but have you been to korea
same energy with these 2
you ever realize how destiny metas as hard as pars
cant focus on any one stream
true. i just listen while reading smth else
well thats an interesting point to tune in
oh hes giving natives diseases
xd
destiny dnd stream
feel
and so id rather it stay the same
realistically life is great right now
more seriously thats just too idealistic
duh
i want to see change not experience it
the other is an easy to produce drug to remove sexual inclination
or CRISPR on embryos
well asexual reproduction is half the equation
and a bunch of other laws like no implanting of even fertile and viable eggs
because you HAVE to kill your eggs after some time
although the dumbass government makes it hard
as they already are with single-woman fertilization 
sure but we can work towards it
that should be our goal
including the death of the sun
theres some theorem out there for the minimum number of inhabited planets for humans to survive any calamity
and ensure that its progeny will do the same
life at a basic level exists only to propagate itself
the better
the simpler the process and the more consistent the outcome
the purpose of life is reproduction
It truly is the most op class
Ideally everyone is an asexual with asexual reproductive capabilities
Eugenics ez
If we build them up they'll take our spot
So by weakening others we ensure we survive the crash
True
So harmony is achieved
Of identical people
Until we have a mono humanity
I think we need to drastically reduce world population
The existence of others threatens you
This world can only sustain so many people and so I'd rather see those not like me disappear than those like me
This universe is finite. Its resources finite
If you aren't with us you're against us
They're the enemy
Because they're competition
Or simply are
That's you I guess. I dislike those who choose to be different
Them being not-you isn't enough?
For me it's all people I don't personally know or relate to
Happiness on the suffering of those you dislike
Is the term
Schaedenfraued or smth
But personally I'm happier when I have more than others and those I care about are doing better than those I don't
I mean it's personal philosophy. I don't think I can convince you
"Happiest are those whose walls already rise" - some bitch in civ5 
That's the place to be. Within the walls while others are not 
And therefore happy
The real reason is because you're insulated from others who are suffering
So the happier others are the less you are overall
Obviously when you have more
Or when you have more
Why not. Are you just as happy when your neighbor has as much as you
That is mathematically tractable btw
Therefore decreasing Y is optimal 
EU is a nation of cows banded together to form a tiger
I'm very happy now so increasing X is more difficult
You can optimize delta by either increasing X or decreasing Y
Quick math
So we should aim to maximize our happiness differential by maximizing suffering in others
In comparison
The way I see it tho war breeds suffering. The more suffering in the world the better my life is
Netting better trade and shit
It isn't all in hard numbers. A lot is soft power 
The numbers are what matter. If we spend X on the military as long as force is netting us at least X+1 it's good
God?
But who can stop you
Ok but if they want idk 1 billion for their goods but you could spend 10000 soldiers to take it why not take it
or utilize it
should we ignore that
we could fix our problems with the resources of other countries
ekeing the most meager of existence's off the land
living worthless lives
if it didnt we'd still be native tribes
might makes right gwyn
south america didnt play well and got fucked for it
the ME is also similar
learn to play around that better
if you are the cow, stay under the radar
you cant blame the tiger for killing the cow
be more useful or be manipulated
so then they get whats coming to them
so its still on them
yea but they were too weak to stop us
non-tier 1 city china
southeast asia
africa
like those middle eastern religious states
an inclusive OR between the two
uncivilized - poor, with backwards culture
or who are already educated
we should only be letting in those coming for education
immigration from uncivilized countries is a mistake
china has &lt;100 naturalized citizens
who are too impatient to wait for the proper channels
the law should be applied to illegal immigrants
eye for an eye
i can kill your sister but it isnt your place to kill me
is no excuse
ignorance of the law or a good reason to commit a crime
no, objectivity matters
im ok with my tax spent on that
i like it
the law is blind to intent
crime
its criminal to commit a cime
which did happen but like they only got 10% at best
i just like the idea of putting border jumping criminals in cages
which he failed almost wholly
2 - border control
although half the shit he does is unintentional
1 - stand up to china
he has like 2 good policies
a fucking carpet could beat trump
i mean the bet is basically he doesnt win primary
they are tho
ok ill deadass bet any amount he doesnt get elected president
to the point its wack
except turned up to 100
this is how we eliminate diversity
anyway read that linked comment
fat people are disgusting
implement china's breeding programs
i found this
lmao wait
even the successful ones cant compete
had 4 of them when i started CS, all 4 dropped within the first year
theyre all degenerates
anyway you get my point
SUSPECT DESCRIPTION (provided by the victim):  Male, black, age 21-25, 6 feet 3 inches tall, 250 pounds, wearing a light grey hooded sweatshirt and grey sweatpants.  
SUSPECT DESCRIPTION: 


Suspect #1 is a 20-30-year-old black male who wore a blue shirt and black pants.
Suspect #2 is a 20-30-year-old black male who wore a gray shirt.
SUSPECT DESCRIPTION: 


Suspect #1 is a black male who is 6 feet tall and wore black clothing.
Suspect #2 is a black male who is between 5 feet 11 inches and 6 feet tall and wore dark clothing.
Suspect #3 is a black male who is between 5 feet 11 inches and 6 feet tall and wore dark clothing.
systemic infestation
and no moral values
yes they have shit culture
literally word for word from emails
or "group of african males" or "dark-skinned suspect"
every like 4 days we get a crime reported and its always "african male in a ____ hoodie"
college has literally made me so much more racist
the older i get the more i hate diversity
once again
diversity strikes league
yes
looks like ghetto karma
yea idk what that is
i think all dreads look like shit. especially irl they look dirty as fuck
the worst part of her design is the dreads
you just cant see him in that
also project kind of
yea but hes a better dark
sandstorm
just putting this out there
senna is the only black champion without a skin that makes her white/lighter
cant play against a champ you dont want to look at
every time i see that champ i want to die
lucian has hired gun and project
instead of ratchet trash
give her a skin where she looks passable
they did already
utopia is eliminating differences
without people who WANT aphelios/senna/etc
wouldnt league be better without people like that
see those people are the problem
shes cancer
shes cancer
no
if beauty is art then it too has no place
art is the absence of function
if diversity breeds resistance then it has no use
path of least resistance
e.g. electricity
the fundamentals of this universe dictate that
there is always a single optimized path
and imperfection
which lead to errors
diversity breeds differences
eusocial is the best kind of social
the perfect humanity is one where every human is the same
well it wont be once we eliminate the biological need for such useless things
we must cull differences
perfection through assimilation 
1 gender, 1 race, 1 sexuality
i see a future where there is only 1 gender
also did you hear how they fertilized an egg with the woman's own sperm generated through her cells in some way
whyd you buy urfwick
same
4head
just be better
so let them win
dumbass poor people keep voting against their interest
also idk why youd want to help people who wont help themselves
we should send the poor people to the center and then secede
only 10 states pay for the nation
honestly i just want california to be independent so we stop supporting the shithole states
xd
or youre gay
so either you help others because the govt forces you
nothings changed
i mean...yea
and need order
yea but some of these poverty ass redneck kids have too much freedom
no reason to waste capable people's time with it
imo it gives loser kids purpose but if youre going to college or have a job you should be exempt
lmao theres already some high schools where your graduation req is sa job offer, a college admission, or joining the military
my dude too fucking bitchmade to run or win
but hes def a bottom
idk his actual policies
true
xd
unviable has a double meaning
did you know pete is gay
?
gamer hours
riot liked it so much that they gave me a key fragment for being so honorable
you guys remember how i told someone in league "i hope a family member of yours commits suicide" 
as is tradition with nintendo IP
Yea 
SCP 42069 - Chad
is he the one who let us into davids building
also men who were pissing him off
thats the real power play
LBJ used to whip his dick out on women
talking is distracting typing is ok
cant
im studying for the amazon final round
its just how it is
see the problem is dating white women
i was so much happier
then when i just accepted it
i spent my whole teenage times trying to be different and thinking how to not conform
thats where you find fulfillment and content
learning to conform is the most important lesson in life
trying to be different and unique is the source of discontent
or just...conform and be happy
again why dont you want to just take the easy route to a fulfilling and comfortable life
its satisfying, its easy, its profitable
yea but why dont you want to do one of the big 3
self driving AI, workload automation, etc
like connecting africa via internet or sending rockets into space
if youre after personal satisfaction a lot of tech companies are out there doing good things for people
this is a good life to get into
and their campus is way cooler than anything youll find outside tech
for even junior devs
unlimited paid time off
google literally has massages on demand
plus you work in cool offices with cool people
you put in half-time work to get an education for like 5x the pay
total
its like 20 hours a week
and dnd shit
look how much league i play with you guys
its not that hard
easy bank
or go into medicine/law
milo youre smart do stem
kinda dog
which yea
90k is like 44/hr
total comp
~90k
both are kinda shit pay actually
they do mostly sensor systems
like the curiosity on mars
another is for exploration rovers
one is for rocket system automation
ive got interviews with like 2 rocket companies doing some really cool shit. that field is sick
anything really
aerospace
industrial
biomedical engineering
and seeing yourself succeed 
it feels good chasing a goal
pursue something greater milo
xd
i dont like this
when did i become not the edgiest one
ok well youre lonely. SAD
or seen someone in class or whatever and wanted to ask them out
what youve never fucked a girl you want to go back out with
yea
why not
fuck you 2 then
im gonna cop an idea
for v day
you guys doing anything
and i aint a housewife
thats a bitch move cause then youre cooking alone
so i need ideas of places to check
but everything is full
yes
yea. theyre also full
im the one who got played
nah they've taken us to similar places
rn
im fucked
YEA I DID
or i got powerplayed on
so i gotta match that
her mom took us for like 1500$ steak
i was thinking more expensive than that
and theyre all full
melisse only has 8 tables after the renovation
btw anyone have valentines day ideas
so you dont want a prenup
marry a girl richer than you
imagine having to put effort into your sex life omegalul
its more hassle than just getting her to suck your dick or ride you when you feel like it
and you have to install like a foot placer thing
you cant fuck in the shower anyway youll slip and die
mine is hot-&gt;smart-&gt;rich-&gt;shorter than you-&gt;not loud
whats your ordering
the checklist in order of most to least important
lmao
just green card marriage a bitch
yea but like you got options too milo
and what kinds of children are acceptable
when it comes to who should date who
shes more conservative than me by a lot
i havent said anything shed be against tho
lmao she might read this
or pushy
and not too loud
obviously hot
smart
rich
perfect girl is like close to your height but shorter
just talking about like straight relationships
idk how shit works for non-straight people and im not looking to
doesnt matter if theyre short
yea exactly so fuck whoever
otherwise she looks like shes dominant
why would you not want to be taller than your girl
idk i dont wanna get disowned so i dont bother with non asian/white
doesnt mean it didnt suck tho
ig
still traumatized
worst gf ever was faith
like 2 and it SUCKED
unlike fuckin shannen or smth idk
and i never worried about them talking shit about me or accusing me of shit
never needed to with valerie or rachel or whatever
and all that shit
and like pretend to care about their opinions about politics
i had to do shit they wanted
nah but like remember when i went out with white girls in highscool
they just do what you want and your life is easy
its not in the culture
thats what we're avoiding here by saying go for ethnic girls
mars german girls have this idea of like feminism and metoo xd
because asian girls are the best. dating white women was a mistake
also she like listens to him too
im assuming she has options tho
and supportive
and is super chill with him about it
dating a guy working uniqlo
shes a ucla biology graduate
look at diego and his girl
so therefore reasonable
yea bitch go date some asian chick. theyre usually smart and obedient
straight up its like the 1920s
so its safe
feminism isnt a thing in asia yet
just date an asian girl
i want humanity to continue with the best people possible
because its progress
because otherwise the world is populated with the shit genes of indian or african povery ass bitches
i see it as a disservice to humanity not passing on your genes
ig 
its someone elses genes
or like theyll be adopted at which point it isnt your kids anyway
they wont have kids then
thats all it needs to be
just have 2 normal kids. 1 son, 1 daughter. intelligent, attractive, straight, black hair and eyes
tbh tho by the time we want kids the tech will be out to select their genes
thats how humanity improves
thats how progress grows at an exponential rate
that can contribute more than you ever did
your genes have so much potential and are so far above average youre doing a disservice to humanity by not providing 2 normal kids
yea but would you want a kid that isnt normal
cant keep it
you konw
im not my parents so i wouldnt drop them in a ditch but
itd be bad
and start over again
no having an autistic kid would be a disaster. its a year of pregnancy wasted and now you have to give them up
both completely normal and intelligent
mars my family is going to have 2 kids
im pretty sure my parents wouldve ditched me in a dumpster at the first sign of problems
when you can have another and train them
idk why youd support an autistic child
but if you didnt then work for it
some people luck into it
because everyone can work hard enough to get here
yes. so im gonna make sure my kid works hard enough they dont need to be
and i got lucky i ended up here
i wasted so much fucking time after school playing league and shit
to expose even more potential
i know exactly how to push a kid like me
id be a great father
those with potential
you need to be realistic and support those who deserve it
idk. if he kept with them our family would have nothing
1 child failing is just unlucky
failing as a parent is having no children succeed
i have no qualms cutting off 1 son
gwyn my grandpa cut off like 12 of his siblings because they amounted to nothing
im not leaving this world with my heir an incompetent
id just have another
not my son
yes
because theyre failures
if they fail to do so they dont deserve anything
they exist to build a better one for their kids
if they fail they dont deserve a better world
because they know they can afford to
id rather them fail than have no ambition and never seek anything
id rather teach my children to be strong than build them a net
you have the pride and satisfaction and your children have a nicer world
thats what counts
this progress amounts to better lives for your children
refusing to work toward it is selfish
your time on this world is cosmic nothing. your only meaning is to be part of greater progress
instead of working towards long term progress
cause people here want to be lazy and enjoy their time
again why do you think every other country is progressing faster than us
thats lazy shit
and be the fucking best at their specialty 
thats part of the fun tho
everyone should grind to know the most they can
only shitty coworkers or low level managers
of everyone ive met nobody has had a bad boss
except shitty little local ones
thats like all companies tho
so now he just manages shit because they can trust him to understand all the technical details and problems
to l7
and so they promoted him
anyway hes just a fucking genius
half cousin
i mean ones my cousin and he's always been chill
and knowing the full tech stack
nah you get there by being really fucking good at what you do
your general managers and executives are pretty cool people
i genuinely dont. the worst people to deal with are team managers and low level production people
i dont see how being successful means youre high strung
because failure is an option
safety nets make us weaker overall
and those who fail end up on the pile of bodies to be climbed over
personally id rather live in a world where everyone is gunning for the top
same with like google execs and shit
like all the professors with decades of tenure and research dont give a fuck cause they know theyre untouchable
have you worked with people who are genuinely top of their field. theyre kinda laid back
damn TIL
arent at the top
yes mars C level execs
drink a lot of wine and work just enough
and theyre all pretty chill
ik a lot of people at like c level tech or other business
idk i dont think most peoples egos are that large
self improvement and results
thats literally the fun part
why would you pursue a life thats not at the top
or with the potential to be
nerfing the people at the top only makes sense if you dont think of yourself at someone at the top
so everyones on an equal floor regardless of capability
while we're at it
lets buff annie until shes top tier
good idea
yea nerf the people for playing well
and you should learn a useful skill
if you dont have the capacity to be needed by those at the top then youre a bitch at the bottom of the totem pole
which is the real ideal
but thats just companies and unchecked capitalism
the problem is obviously rat fuckers who group up to cover their own weakness
theres a certain appeal to the idea of living or dying on your own personal capability
otherwise that time was a waste
i got suckered into scouts for 5 years so i want to be forced to need basic survival skills
im ready for the anarchy
im capable and smart as fuck so ill be fine
no govt no tax bb
duh
bc w/ no government companies can pay me that much more
come with me and just stay there
ay im going to new zealand for spring break
mars i cant tell wtf you want
this is just shooting yourself in the foot
youre also studying data science which is the industry thats gonna get fucked by bernie
and youre employed
you live in a nice place
just measure how your life is going
unless youre bill gates you can always look at your neighbor and be like "hes rich, im poor"
you always think youre poor no matter where you are
social liberal economic conservative
social liberal economic conservative
yea but she had good policies
cause they all suckk
except the fact she was kind of a bitch
i like hilary's policy
im registered for nobody
you get money for college already
you think bernies gonna give you money
whats wrong with life rn
why risk it
itll be decades before youre affected
and life is good
rn the course is good
why do you want to risk your life changing for the worse
everyone else keeps life nice and good
fuck him i dont want change
except bernie
who cares who wins
look what i found
Xd 
So bless trump boys 
That's good policy
Like Christina's internship place is pretty much brand new and already worth billions. Like just their staffing cost is 2 billion a year. Which is like 15k good jobs
By not taxing shit he enables these companies to expand a bunch
which is doing smth
he changed the course tech wouldve taken
inaction is a form of action
him being too incompetent to make change has been doing good
like obama or hillary would have
not going after big tech
nah trump has done a lot
so ig hes just the best leader
weirdly enough the trump years have been the best of my life tho
im not the most affected by politics but ik during obama things got better
id take some dead terrorists for that if he didnt hate gamers
still riding the high off that one
good economy tho
like whos running to just keep life the same as it is
whos even neutral this election
people would just think change occurred
yea. i dont think anything would really change
ig
for the people actually affected by politics
so he'd be worse than trump
see pence is legitimately smart
so theyd poison a candidate
people fear change and the future though
life isnt even that bad right now that people would risk that play
yea exactly
or some shit
cause they slipped him polonium
is bernies dumb old ass is gonna have a heart attack
the real play
hes a red herring sent to disrupt the democrats by the republicans clearly
sure. thats a fair point
they have way better methods to cheat in way more crucial moments
you dont get caught cheating and do the same move again
and its the same exact move
cause everyone sees it
but this isnt how theyre gonna cheat right
yea true
the simplest one is literally no budget to build an app
theres so many simple reasons for this
to be anything but regular incompetence
i feel like this is too shitty of an attempt
maybe
when the truth is like 5-15
instead of just saying "i had 10k, he only had 9"
why make it break
right but if you were going to make this app to count caucus members
if youre going to cheat why cheat so obviously
is the worst move
making it not work and look shady as fuck
to display to everyone his victory
if there was a conspiracy why wouldnt he rig the app
paid by the govt
but it is a private company
i thought it was private company
is Shadow govt
so just regular old fraud
or renegotiating
literally going and forging contracts
what do you mean rewriting
this involves too many people to be conspiracy imo
NSA spying and shit
think of all the secret government plans leaked with far less people involved
rather than everyone who worked on it being paid off
yea but that just sounds like incompetence 
everyone else can see and pull it 
at any level if you push something broken
database code has to be written
development literally doesnt work like that. people have to test
their app was being built to fail
every employee of the company would know
that thousands involved all said nothing
is far more likely than corruption on a level so deep
government incompetence
the simplest answer is usually the right one
idk. occam's razor right
its just incompetent as fuck 
i mean to build that app they would need easily millions
i dont blame them
but if they were only paid that much
thats shady yea
with another 50k youre looking at the budget it takes to make the devs go to work one day
i mean it says the DNC paid about 63k
nah even if you were a real company 100k couldnt build shit
he spent just enough money to make a UI and push it to the store with some basic functions
thats like 100 dev hours. its 100% intentional it didnt work
no wonder it failed
wait they only had 100k to make an app
thats a power play right there
Why can't you fucks pick soraka top for me every game so I can ignore that lane 
Jg is ruined. Top lane matters in soloq but not in pro
Isn't he twitch banned
But who jgs cait 
Damn. I figured it's an adc
I assume he's playing vayne or graves
but you should do it
you wont get the money back
do it
i think theyre just stupid
The men have no excuse
but at least thats ok
theres a girl who comes sometimes
making me actually work
struggling with basic programming
its consistently the same retards week after week
the wrong half ig
ruining my paid time off
why tf are these people here
i never went for help
the zoomers are doomed 
i swear when i learned it this wasnt that hard
oh god
hes back
thats not my job
like fuck your dumb foreign ass learn to read english
and ive gotten 5 people asking me how &amp; and * work or "what do these instructions mean"
the thing that tilts me is this shit is all freshman level
its really easy. every char is 1 byte. if i want to read the Nth letter of string all i do is read(string+N)
ok so if you have a string which is just a collection of characters and youre reading through 1 by 1 in a separate thing he's asking how do we tell it to read the next char instead of the string head
300 level course btw
"how do i track the character I last read in a string when I call read so I can read the next one"
fucking kms
theres this dumbass stoned looking kid who keeps asking me to clarify the lab instructions
and that restored my mental
im stuck in lab answering dumbass algorithm questions
tru
you wanna be back?
i didnt put you back?
listen to this fire
a bunch of roided up chads rampaging through a country is how you make sure they lost
the goal is never just to win, its to make sure they lose
if they int they int
thats fine. the goal is maximum carnage anyway
After an invasion they'll have a generation of half American bastards 
See that's what I'm saying. We need to not do that shit. Give them Viagra every meal so they're total chad and literally fuck the shit out of any bitches we invade
getting fucked is bad. doing the fucking is good. we just need to have chad training for the military
is your problem with him that he's swedish or that hes a fuck
because thats what warfare was according to blizz
you cant say that just cause theyre both brown
how tho
is he vegan
its unfortunately their right to be a bitch boy
the thing about full simulated virtual reality is that its private property. its like being in someone's house right. they can say youre not allowed to drop n bombs or youre asked to leave without violating any rights
kkona
obviously
i have the right to call people racial slurs
YES
theyre nothing but animals
dismantled their academic institutions and lost their own culture
they abandoned their emperor and turned against the dynasty as it was fighting japan. literally backstabbed their ruler
those people deserve their shitty government and the things it does to them
that fuck themselves
its entirely the people of china
taiwan has more chinese culture than china and they managed to build up a first world country with a functioning government, prosperity, and decent quality of life
all aspects of chinese culture right now are what the government instilled after the revolution. its what the people built themselves
the ccp dismantled confucious, ancestor worship, buddhism, literacy, etc
you understand there is no chinese culture any more
its entirely on them
the people chose to give up their rights in exchange for security and foo
and capable
i dont care for their government at all but theyre intelligent
you just keep them in line
youd never help them
the people in china are the fucking worst 
if you look at china's history its always peasant uprisings that bring down the government so if youre a smart leader you just have to keep them happy
they can subjugate the population and stay in power
their play is just to gather enough power and money in the government that when things fall apart
their gdp is a bubble on empty houses
thats literally what they did
and they can report a growth of gdp
but the people are placated for a while
and the money ends up back in the govts hands anyway
and so they used money to build these cities 
there were too many people out of work right
they used ghost cities to make jobs milo
they built them knowing theyd be empty
and drawing foreign investment
the ghost cities stimulate their economy by moving money out of the government
it hasnt escaped or really fucked any other populace
the deaths of a bunch of chinese peasant farmers is a good thing though
theyre making big plays here
actually it has the added benefit of potentially weakening other countries too
now they have a cheap solution
idk i think its a good choice. the ghost cities generate money while the people dont
not like they dont deserve it either so its karma
its a practical plan though. the world wont let you kill them so you just allow disease to
you call it inability. i see it as refusal
thats why they arent dealing with it
lets be real they wanted the plague to deal with the peasant infestation
ngl
league stone looks pretty good
i always knew we were overdue for a plague
chinese new year incoming this weekend too
fuck is dicksword
the auth right loves crocs tho cause thats what they aspire to do
least favorite animals
are you tilted yet
jett put champions in there so i can draw titties
what happened to kobe
fair that game is overpriced
overcooked
or if you really wanna goon
scribblio
so youre saying he does think people should be in jail for color
d
x
those are the real key issues
hes not a gamer tho
fuck this man. rather have trump
joe biden hates GAMERS
or can you play it now
is it still in beta
xd
escape from tarkov?
rate out of 10
or smth more scuffed like overcooked and duck game
anyone league or scribblio
cause cig smokers are gonna die soon so theyre preparing you
good game
yes
risk of rain
Ride Jett Parsa risk of rain?
ill hit you up later
for now
scuffed
cant invite cause riot servers
chats broken anyway
hows he still on break
by playing league
anyone want to make me more of a doomer
milo you fall asleep so fast cause you operate at 10% by the time you sleep
holding smth definitely speeds it up
i slept worse before christina basically mmoved in
unlucky you
ah ok. i get straight hours
like imagining whats happening on a chess board or hearthstone game
weirdly card games are really good cause i can burn out my energy tracking the game on sounds alone
closer to 2 hours without
ike a youtube video
i think i average closer to 30 min if i listen to smth in the background
anyway. jett how long do you take to sleep
will it fit the spaghet
or are they normal size
did they shrink
why sleep if no tire
really milo is just 50/50 up or down
or slightly sick milo
or tired milo
not like milo on pizza
i function pretty much the same all day
comp-bed is usually longer
depending on what im thinking about as im falling asleep
but it takes like anywhere between 30-3 hours to sleep
im like comp-watch videos and cuddle-fuck-bed
i use flux so the light isnt bad
rn
im like 2 hours to sleep
most of you are white so you should have less shit to worry about
life is chill and good. shits easy so take it easy
be chill
lifes chill
without drugs
fuck is wrong with your brain that you cant be happy and stressless
but if you cant handle your life sober your life sucks
its the boomer age catching up
the older i get the more sober i like to be
you bitches are just edgy
i like my life enough to like it sober
experience sharper
remember more
youre keener
sober is nice
my mind does
ye but you have to look at it
unless shes hot
you cant get into the frame of mind to nut
imo nah
if shes not technique doesnt matter
its easy
if shes hot and on your dick
find better girls ig
shits usually good
i hthink i get there 9/10
damn
you only came once
and usually theyre hot enough they dont have to know how
like 1/5 cant
but like. most girls can
who are you fucking that cant suck a dick
clever
good pun
giving is meh
getting head is fun
bad
nightmare
loser
gross
mars you eat out
again find a better girl if she smells damn
and thats what matters
girls smell good
idk
fuck classier girls
..
ideal ratio is like 20:1. just an every now and then thing
and waiting for you
and thats a lot of prep for her
if you do anal you have to deal with the shit
why bother with anything else
its special made for dick
pussy is just tight
idk i never fucked any girl whos ass was significantly tighter
and you have so much more to deal with
in a significant way
its really not tighter
self cleans
self lubes
listen pussy is less work
and even then its probably worse
the only time to do it in the ass is on her period
gross
thats a galaxy brain move
to lubricate with what used to be seminal fluid
but like what if you could rewire a post op vagina
and men can produce vaginal fluid naturally
cause they dont really go inside you and replace your internals right
or like seminal fluid
with cum
do post op vaginas self lubricate
than anything else imaginable
which is worse
theres people into actual shit
ig
people are into weird shit
right there on the sidewalk
would get off on it
where if they got jumped
ok so youre saying theres someone out there
as getting off on assault
yea but what im saying is theres no such kink
getting hit in the butt != getting gut punched
and getting of on someone straight jumping you
i feel like theres a difference between liking slapping
milo has waluigi energy
kinkshaming is fine
with his noodle arms
i think milo could legit jump you
do you actually enjoy getting beaten up tho
if you think aboutit
testosterone is just steroids
i really doubt it
pay per view bitch
paypal me 5$ for the livestream link
its gonna happen
milo will defeat gwyn
doesnt need to care about life
shes in the optimal demographic
which is weird
she actually cares about others
the shit we dont agree on is like how much people matter
how do i mute her
ok gwyn doesnt know what shes saying
what else could you want
i already dont call people niggers unironicaly
im just also usually irght
milo i listen to her
they are truly a mystery
who knows what women want
and she doesnt see it
her parents would take her in if she shot someone
we just argue about being chill or not
and theyd take her in
she could show up on crack
theyre parents. no matter what theyll love you and support you
idk how
while i just dont give a fuck. i need to teach her how to but
she cares a lot about how her parents think of her
yea thats the other thing
whats gonna happen really
ok but short of her getting addicted to fucking crack
and i try to convince her of it but idk. it isnt working
i just assume everything will work out
not finding a job, saving for retirement, classes, etc
and worries about life
which is why im amazed she gets so stressed about things
so were kinda even
but i spend less
ive got like 50 on me
like makeup and shit
shes only got like 10k in the bank cause she buys a lot of stuff
her parents earn more but her grandparents have nothing
on hand nah
define immediate
so much
but she stresses about shit
i keep trying to tell her life is easy and we're chilling
but her worldview is darker
in some ways
cause christina hates it
in 12 months
i actually dont think ive said it outside league and your dumbass scribblio
are
[1579215445] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: just stop calling people niggers

&lt;&lt;&lt; league players
bitch youre older than me
therefore i hate other people
i like things staying as they are
and i hate change
and change my life plan
and my satisfaction
because everyone wants to take away my happiness
bleak
view of the world and people
my view of my life is bright
so long
it comes from being parsas friend
im just naturally edgy
why risk it
shits chill
life is great
you guys have bleak ass world views
im not suicidal at least
jesus fuck
does anyone NOT have mental health problems
first mars now gwyn
as soon as im out of class
no fuck you im gonna que
and south ameria
you mean africa
and made me a doomer 
you played league with me
you guys made me think that not all people are great
its you guys that changed my mind anyway
and a lot of his shit isnt peer reviewed
i have but that guy is a crackpot
or make way
instead, i think now only certain people are great and others should serve them
south asia wouldnt be so shit
greatness cant be in all people because otherwise africa and south america would have great people
after so much self debilitation
look at the history of the world. asia and europe constantly fought themselves and set themselves back time and time again. only to conquer the world
i think now that only certain people have potential
youve changed my mind
anyway ive gone back on that thought
mute retard
good != excellent
and i think excellence may even be more common in certain people
i dont think all people have excellence
all of southeast asia constantly self debilitating
if thats true why are there countries in africa with centuries of poverty and turmoil
its not even a hard game to complete. just one that has a lot of bonus objectives
thats how games are designed
if life is a single player you can always win
and got rich
there are poor people who invented something
or at least competent
choose to be excellent
and have the money to do so
then they should excel at their work
if your culture lets you turn away family then solve that first
thats a cultural issue
id count on familial support over country
i dont particularly like annie but ive supported her anyway
who turns away family
we'd gain nothin
friends and family already are your net
that covers such things
youre in position to have a job
and in return we pay higher tax
we gain nothing
at our loss
which makes no sense
it is because youre saying we should vote against ourselves
e.g. 1 american child vs a kenyan one
matter more than those who arent like you
people you know and are similar to
i hope you guys would do the same
if it meant you guys live
listen i'd genocide all of like kenya or smth
or friends
why make millions better if the thousands are your family
1 to 1
but if its numbers how are you valuing your children vs some strangers
your and your own vs the world
probably more accurate
single family game
you deserve it
if you lose to the AI
single player game
until the weak are strong enough to stop them
the strong should be able to do what they want
i get your point. i dont agree
I support healthcare obviously
Ok but we don't need them then. The sick can heal but the weak can't
Who can't
Unless you're a native held at gunpoint on your reservation you can direct your life 
Animals can't
Humans have the ability to act and change their circumstance
Than lowlifes
They're more valuable abd rare
To kill Milo
Jett you're gonna need form 115b
Without the right permit 
Also true. Slaughter of animals is illegal
Why not
Made their actions legal again 
Doing unethical shit like Amazon is ok because they paid their fine
But there's no moral Obligation to do so 
If the laws change to make the taxation ok then fine
Because it has to come at some cost. As of the laws now nothing done was illegal
Even if it's hard it's on the individual to grab it
And again the ability to rise still exists
More are rising from poverty than falling
It still exists tho. Millions are now middle class in China when their parents had nothing
The system is flawed
That's ok. But if they make it so there's no hope
If there's a possibility and you don't make it
But it is possible to rise. That's what I think is the key
Fucking phone
Their
Forcing the rich to give up they're money is no different
It sucks
So you see what I'm saying. When others force a choice on you
But it's not one I agree with and not one we should force on the rich
So if she chooses to you should have the money to never work. She's made her choice then
I think you could find out 
Most families track it at least 10 generations
You should be
Main line. First son then yea
If you're of his direct descent yea
And those who have
We should keep only the successful
I don't see him as a necessity
He consumes but does not produce. His bloodline hasn't contributed enough to earn him a life
Contributes nothing
Contributes nothing
The homeless man on the beach
Those people have done what to earn it tho
Because he's contributed so much it covers their obligation
That they don't have to work
And again that's the right of the successful one to make sure his kids can do that
It does tho. Inheritance/gift kicks in at 22 mil
The single player decided for all the others
The one who made the fortune wanted it to descend to his next incarnations
To let his children ride his greatness
But the one who created it has the right
But to generate billions that family had to create something
Not my problem
Not my family
Not my friends
If you want to call it that. Yea
Rather than containing success to you and your own
But that also uplifts many who didn't earn it or work for it 
Just have more kids
Idc how terrible they are
They're alive tho. If they live and are happy
Difference of opinion ig
So I don't fault them for doing the same
But in my view I'd destroy those millions to ensure the lives of just a dozen of my descendants
Fair
Why give up your future generations safety net
But what if their kids weren't. They'd have no fortune to turn to
Ik. Again the middle class kids were ok
If you hoard the money they'll always be fine
But they exposed the possibility the grand children weren't
Yea the first kids were fine
Two generations down. Their kids were vulnerable again
There's so many families where the parents donated their fortune and the kids eventually had no savings. Just a middle class life 
What if helping those alive means your kids starve
The existence of billionaires isn't doing you direct harm. The secret police don't knock on your door and beat you up because besos is alive
To care for their kids
It'd go to my parents or sister
And that's what matters
Because they'll have my blood
Family first
They're my kin
I care more for them tho
I don't need it. Maybe my children are weak. My strength should carry them through life tho
To give my children the choice to have it
Dual income etc
Gonna do what I said. Middle class live with a stable job
I mean I wasn't planning on living off if either
Why didn't they bounce back up
They haven't earned it in any way tho
You don't have to fix a problem that will fix itself
Why support them when you can let then die out 
Nothing wrong with the country actually affects me
Nothing wrong with the country actually affects me
Not really
Not my ills 
It's the finger pointing
But no meme I just hate the poor more than I love the rich. Blaming others for your ills is a cardinal sin
Xd
I get an inheritance of about a bil. Ntd tho
lowballing wages is not a crime
i really dont think all billionaires committed crimes
success doesnt make you a villain
tax loopholes or whatever are part of the system
as it is, the money they earned is legal
criminality is taking from others in illegal ways
they played the system well
doesnt give others the right to take it from you
if youre successful just because youd live with less
yea but thats not justice to take from those just because they can afford to lose
we arent really at the point where life is so disgustingly difficult that it cant be overcome
to deal with challenges faced
i trust that those i acquaint with are capable enough
or get better and clear them out
move servers
not your guild. not your problem
everything about you is the stuff that matters
milo life is a single player
the problem is the ones who arent capable and who choose cultures that dont support each other
those people arent you tho because youre capable
oh well
you shell out a little more ore their college
stable career, happy marriage, kid or two
if you live out a middle class life youre not going to be affected by crippling poverty
for people who arent like you
why champion a cause that isnt affecting you
or just live your life knowing theyll never get to you
and take advantage of it
then get better at the game
you have to crush the competition
to stay on top
thats the point
imagine trying to nerf people for playing well
and reap the rewards of your effort
its not some foreign concept to start a big company and build it up
or just work harder and be rich
thats it
you get fined
its stupid
i got all 3 of these on 1 page
i got all 3 of these on 1 page
theres constantly marxist/socialist bs on the front page or memes about how school is too hard
unironically. people who post shit supporting socialism or education reform or whatever on reddit are the fucking worst
just be successful 4head
poor people xc
gives them hope theyll one day be real humans too
theyre just sad people with no prospects and no talents so seeing someone like them do ok
even when it puts out shitty songs
and like the monkeys they are, they flock behind the brightest, most decorated one
mexicans and blacks particularly
listen, there are a lot of minorities out there
she just looks fat
agree
not china
thats for mexican pleasing
wait milo she has curly whiteish hair
theres a lot of problems
personality
voice
hair, skin, body shape
id be happy not seeing her ratchet ass again
good
nerf pls
too dark 4 me
gotta ban qiyana too now
only with the release skin
gragas karma 
sorry, cant do it, i dont have enough bans for all ekko lucian senna
guantanamo bay is just summer camp for you huh
the one black kid in 3h was the fucking orphan janitor
no minorities
its always just young attractive white/asian characters with dark hair unless female
because they aren't inclusive
the anime takeover is a good thing
but think of it this way
smash is only one in a long line of things waiting to fall
and you need to accept that
your life is slowly being taken over by anime
theyll be happy to hear you out in interrogation room C
tell that to border control rn
at least if i leave the country theyll let me back in
that makes the game so bad
its shit like donkey kong, ganon, olimar
im all in for a weeb smash
c u l t u r e
culture
ah yes
youre into some weird shit
i saw that
ok milo
and weebs actually have money
but now they get the weeb money
such a good decision by nitendo tho. all the sweaty fucks already got the pass and will keep getting it cause theyre tryhard sweats playing a kids game competitively right
sothis is better than them by a lot
d tier is also that edgy bitch who gets killed by the old guy
nah d tier is shit like catherine
which makes it that much worse
sothis is like a b tier waifu
im with it
hahahhah its so fucking dumb
nah i didnt watch it at all
jett and mars are the sweaties keeping us away from this grand goal
xd
2d sword fighter game
just hp
no %
way better. actually playable
next smash is just all 3h students
until the game is just fire emblem the fighting game
buff all FE characters
but im buying their dlc
i didnt even buy their game
released a dlc ill actually get
gj nintendo
as if nintendo cares what broke ass redditors care about
saying they want some non anime third party bs
my favorite thing ever is all the sweaty fucks complaining about byleth
but idk if ill play
probably gonna get it anyway
yea but its edgy house
not to play it
so they make more
listen, im just gonna buy the byleth dlc
gameplay is ass
no
dont even play the game
easy buy
OH FUCK
nintendo when
best look
no tights
just not the colors
i like the ripped tights look
cant trust him
he got fired anyway
nut
edelyth
damn how faggot do you have to be to not want this in smash
found it
wheres the costume list
you the gayest man to ever live
if u use male byleth
new main
byleth &gt; lucina
third party shit gay
we needed marth 3.0
byleth in smash. yes. good
anyone lookin for gamer hours
are you talking to yourself
eggs in purgatory
dunno how long this shit takes to cook
im down in like 15-30
what the fuck riot
it says bensl is in a TFT game as vi
instead of the chad side
but on the incel side of normie
parsas kind of a normie
or its a message that you should shave better and not have eyebags
you made it?
i thought it was a place
oh its a drug
ayahuasca?
I just passed Andy milonaukus or whatever the fuck streaming in little Tokyo
so they called the trump one "korea fish"
china banned the name of the candidates for taiwan's election last night
get fucked
RIP taiwan trump
xd
xd
xd
lmao
dandilion
Lux R: heal all your boys and summon a galio to join your team after afking 2 minutes
Her what now
Damn they're all the same height and weight
One of them is the guy that tackled the freljordian to get lux her staff back
New kaisa buff. Q missiles are aoe on hit
She's probably all void teeth and mucus down there 
It's just the helmet that retracts
How's he gonna do that tho. Does the void skin conveniently not cover her pussy
Wait when ez looks like he's gonna fuck kaisa
It's better than his rework
About why he's with a bunch of mini trynds
Did you guys ever read the sylas story they posted
This time
Why'd they reuse warriors
She looked anime as fuck
Bitch her eyes were too big
Yea but that's why we need a second chance
Last year's video was sick
Me want more irelia
Cooling on that bitch tho now that they keep including thicc women like irelia and kaisa
Lux was best girl
Cait looking cute too without the hat
Lux meh 
I'd clap kaisas void infested ass any day
Sylas looks like a hipster
So yea. Technically Canadians but just as scuffed
So basically everyone on it was Iranian ethnicity
The plane was leaving from their own airport 
Iranian descent Canadians
That's even more scuffed than I thought it could be
147/165 citizens on the jet Iran shot down were Iranians
I do not.
he was still meeting with the fucker who led an attack on the US embassy
not counting all the shady shit and people he killed over the years which is like 600
and they should see that
i mean the general had it coming
ngl thats a fucking smooth brain move
also iran hit a ukrainian jet
also iran hit a ukrainian jet
Did you guys know that Indian housewives own 11% of the world's gold. More than major banks and Switzerland
League in 2020
because im too boomer to be the lobster
i will be the human in that pic
government pays way higher than private during war
think of the money you can make tho
im glad thats the state of the world rn
i like that lobster fight meme
hes too boomer to fly
milo cant see shit
so they dont want to draft you
or just have a useful skill
can just fail the fitnesst est
realistically she's just too old
tru
they wont call on you because they have 1.4 million dumb kids who went into it for free college
also youre too old to need to draft dodge
thats a case study in how to do it with last decade's resources
and supression
like if the goal is division
and also the cutting edge AI we have
and they lack the computational power that the US has
look at how well china does it with the uighyurs
youd be surprised
live object segmentation
gait recognition
tbh some of the stuff is really cool tho
so im building his shit if it comes down to it
but trump will pay me more
both did shitty things
idc either way
side with whoever cuts you a better paycheck
these are opportunities
or the continued class divide due to automation
like a class war breaking out
war is even an opportunity for you to get rich
nothing
what will a war breaking out do to YOU
what is iran going to do to YOU
to you personally
the fuck is iran going to do about it
clearly
mars is impotent
sterile or impotent
might as well say heart attack
autopilot
at worst itll affect our kids
like there arent actually issues that stand a chance of fucking us up
if war breaks out we're on the winning side
and some humans will have settled another planet
by the time the planet is uninhabitable we'll be dead
so who cares
were fine
yea but if humans fight among themselves
and exterminate humanity for the greater good
its only a matter of time before cyborgs rise up
once someone builds the means to digitize consciousness
thats why i want to work for a contractor
theyll be used eventually
heres the thing though. if we build the tools
I just want to make sure we win
also mars i dont need to justify genocide. its already happening
cause i can just send you an amazon basics shit one
milo is your keyboard just the laptop one
But it’s dank
I know it’s wrong
I just want genocide
Idc about moral right or wrong
Legit my new goal in life is to go work for a military contractor in the upcoming ww3
See the more people alive the more inconsistency and the more competetion. Like Milo and his autism keyboard
Over all other things
Knowing you’ve won
The fun comes from being the last thing in existence
Wtf is evangelion
Fuck people
An eternity of nothing but me. Perfect
My consciousness will be the core of the network
Because I’ll be everything
No emotions or randomness
I’d create a universe of permanent and perfect efficiency 
All the vindictiveness and shit
Yes. And being a god would be great
Then wipe them out again
Find the old ruins and realize
Wipe out humans just to recreate them and let them explore
You’re a machine. Sleep cycle till it’s done or find a way to speed it up
For the thrill of exterminating them
You could even create new sentience to rival you
The thing about infinity is it never runs out. If you seeded the universe to your will you’d never grow tired
Is nut
An eternity of control and superiority
And build new ones
Then we wipe them clean too
Less worthless life forms than the general human
Yes. Other planets. Other life
The bounds of what is possible
The edges of the universe
Cosmic truths
Only knowledge
No errors or emotions based on flesh
And improve efficiency
Use all the new processing power and intellect to cleanse flesh based humanity
And wipe them out
Fuck no. I’d cyborg myself then lead machines against humans
It wouldn’t matter what they think of your appearance 
You’d be so superior to anyone that isn’t a machine
Even if I couldn’t I’d probably still do it
The only thing I’m attached to in my body is the look. If I could replace all the internals with machinery that’s a no brainer
You have all the time in the universe to study and learn everything there is
But why would you ever want to
You're still a machine you can choose to die
It’s such a sick idea
You can work on your ideas forever
No sleep. No wasted efficiency
So you guys wouldn’t take the chance to be an immortal and painless machine body 
Because brain cells replace a lot less often
Ship of theseus
And if I get corrupted I just hop to the next one
I assume the body comes with an internal generator
I’m in it
As long as I can still fuck
No weakness. No hunger. No pain
Fuck this flesh bullshit
God damn I'm ready to transfer my consciousness but to a mechanical body
Also with a trillion dollars in shady govt projects there's bound to be some hidden shit to give us warning or intercept. Those missiles have to run specific electronics and communicate with specific satellites
You assume iran can fire smth a redneck with a Beretta couldn't gun down
you probably have to worry about lone incels here tho
with missiles at least
im pretty sure its worse to be in bumfuck nowhere cause theyre not dumb enough to go for big well-defended cities
imagine fortnite kids building you out then dancing on your corpse
you ever think about the impending war and how we'll be sending zoomers in
also same. there really are just random internet hoes calling strangers thicc on league
that counts tho
but good for you
ngl i was talking to the boys
You ever been called thicc
Smart move admitting it on Skype lol 
Smart move admitting it on Skype lol 
Mars you're black and broke a law
Bitch what
They have to deem you less valuable outside the military
I think I signed up idk. Chance they draft me is low af anyway
it's ok were too old anyway 
OOF GET FUCKED
Have fun fucker
Also the only one getting drafted is jett. They start with 18 yr old and move up
I fucking love that we droned him. That's a power play
big dick escalation moves
you guys hear trump assassinated an iranian general in retaliation for associating with a guy that killed an american contractor
Oof
I'm not back until next Thursday
but point taken
idk about you but i dont plan on getting evicted nigga
but at least the numbers are different
its the same shit all over again
happy new years
all the better
im drunk and bored
any scribble bitches 
the big gay
you all hold
all men are gross
are we not zoomers to you
where are your zoomer friends milo
4
You bitch
Right before I get to sf
Is mars back in la
50 man dinner. Hotel gave us our own sign lol
My parents are getting remarried xd
Maybe 4th 
Not the third
Pepehands
Box of 10 strawberries is 20 but they come deseeded? Wack
Japan uni and scallop are like 4$ yet their fruit is like 4$ for an apple. 35 for honeydew or watermelon
Simply acquire more marijuana 4head
How about Jan 7th
Kappa
Where you at bitches 
Join if only because elsa 🔥
Train 1145-12
I have a payroll thing 11 then I'll go down. I wanna get food early
yea
mars train down with me
they going 2pm amc 7
bruh
??
so you guys are all frozen 2morrow right
lul
only 1 of those people is worth hanging with
i mean you can get him in on it too
thats pretty gay my guy
jett get in. break the 3 way tie
get in faggy boys
i make
un normie
fine
aight
yikes bro that was cringe bro
for anything other than a mars-run scribblio
anyone team
Is it a bezos simulator where you play as Smaug 
if you guys are going before like 2pm lmk
lowkey i kinda want to train down there and back to see it again
you really do have a hardon for elsa
3rd time
Not unless you got all 4 and need me
go back to being a wage slave
whyre you watching it at work
yes
cause disguise
but its kind of a spoiler
and the first book
the emperor is cast and shows up in s1
So just like real nilfgardians
The soldiers look like faggots tho
It's the adaptation of the book's story
8 days
witcher tv sho
fuck elden ring
it does
^
Cause every right punch is fast as fuck
His passive is permanent attack speed right
sett's darius for people who think darius is too mobile
and tankiness
shes got way more mobility in exchange for less burst
nes not really like vi tho
this is just daddy issues the champion
fucking finals keeping me from playing aphelios
who tf is sett
did you somehow restore autoresponse
but the guy fucked up so hard they want a redo
yea lmao
scuffed
3 weeks later they want to do another
I bombed it hard and we just shot the shit for 30 minutes cause I knew I was doomed
asked 5 super complex questions like "how does c++ implement move constructors" and "how do virtual pages work in c++"
bruh my last roblox interview i got this old dude who never interviewed new grads before
hes referring to you
David Miles O'Brien Jett Parsa 
yes
make lobby
agree
for ideally things not league
anyone team
i want to die
the people I want head from ig
otherwise cooking is for the broke
the only time i cook is with christina
tryna be healthy
i was thinking more like sawtelle/promenade type places
most restaurants arent enough for like a full day tho
which is a whole other problem
im like 15/day on weekdays but like 50/day on weekends
somehow 1 meal costs about 13 here
ikr
nvm i dont wanna learn
teach me
also hows your food budget less than 400
im not giving up on food tho
only 400
id get the bracelet if i was gay
like its stupid expensive but not more than their usual ones
reasonable LV prices
wait those are like
sucks
and this is why living on campus
some real gamer hour shit
scribble or rain or aom
anyone team
friendship with riot ended. now scribblio is my best friend
lol
league
oof
fired by dad
anyone wanna play risk of rain
is it just porn of indian girls or smth
What's your fetish for fugu memes
guess you won
nvm usually mars is autistic enough to do dumb challenges
pretty sure its gonna be mars's dumb ass or smth tho
no someone is definitely THE winner
you probably won
if you DIDNT lose within like 24 hours
Free win nnn
Cheater
Not challenging anyone this time
He wants big burger
Same
I'm getting dropped off
You guys wanna say we meet at like the theater
down for that
k
anyway if milo has to go to work we can get uovo or smth on the promenade
how are you gonna talk shit
bitch youre at work
unless you guys want to be white women and get brunch
i was gonna say lunch at noon
or we can mob the century city mall
really the 2 options
sawtelle or promenade
what do you guys wanna get
get everyone
fuck yea
idk if the rest of you are in town
come
milo jett
cool
Anyone down to get lunch tmrw
Bless 
It's still terrible 
also yea aphelios seems way less complex and fun than it initially seemed
the greyhound was hauntedd
hes already dead
run it down on scribble
which is ass
im in class and gotta type tho
nice
anyone wanna play scribblio
are you in town for thanksgiving. i can get my crossbow and shoot you
furries don't
no, animals deserve kindness and basic rights for sentient creatures
it makes me want to commit genocide
yes
ig
if your definition of catgirl is normal girl wearing weeb ears
weebs?
to who
yes
inb4 4 weeks later its back to 3/10
but never change
or does it start random
so every game its rifle-pistol-cannon-flamethrower-chakram
unless the order of weapons is static then its not as cool
kind of insane
5*4*3 possible interactions with his weapons
3 buttons no abilities to level up
Happy day of birthing
what are we saying now
team
game
right
same
thats whats going on
yea
Xd
DOKI DOKI 🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵
are you busy later
lmao
1 day before it hit live
wait we played pbe
20 minutes. Do one without me
I'm walking back rn
If you're up for it then
I'm team in like 45
honestly tho i like her economic and social stances shes just a cold psycho bitch who hates frogs
shes not running right
vote repulican
wtf
the skins gonna tear tho
that seems extremely unlikely
duh
just grab a girlfriend
yes thats exactly it
kap
yes
like usual
7
and is like an afk game
is butt
thats cause all the sw content
like legit the game is good when you only play 1-3, get a win, get off
without investing any other time in it
you can play the game causally with your friends every few days
ik you read patch notes and shit but
besides worlds i guess
i like the game but i dont watch shit about it
you could just say fuck the content
xd
yea its our only social gathering
Zoomers are on it all day
That's a boomer move tho
👌
fucking lizard people trying to blend in
one of the dentists i went to was a sketchy fuck like this
google just says that no one likes you
shouldve asked him if his flash is up
every day we stray further from gods light
degeneracy yes
bastard
im grossed out now
well it worked
they go hard
or at least cause permanent damage
might just kill you
yea 20 of the first
or the bdsm weirdo type lashes
is this like the hong kong corporal punishment lashes
in his life
mars has never read
whered you sleep tf
anyone wanna play league or risk of rain
just wotlk to 50 and never touch cata or draenor
this is pog tho
and the most braindead expansion concept ever
is the worst trailer WoW has ever had
fucking shadowlands
also
an league
im gonna work until then
start a call when the bools are on
work events lul
i also have an essay but i can spare an hour ish
so you dont overthink it
former
i sold way too early
but not enough to hold for 3k
because im galaxy brained
like 80% of it is from etherium
menial labor was the absolute pits
and working at the chinese school for like 3 years
also a few summer camp jobs
lab work at usc and gambling on etherium
yea ofc
if i cant get a job by then
fucking end me
i have like 2 years of savings
not invulnerable but barring a debilitating injury, cancer, or brain damage theres nothing
the fucking apocalypse?
no family
nowhere to turn
out of savings
how the fuck else would i end up unemployed
whats dishonest
well yea. i trust my parents are capable enough to plan and provide for themselves into old age
and at that point id just rather be dead
the only way we end up unemployed and out of savings is a crippling injury
theyd just be beggars really
then they arent even really the family i know
all their lifes savings
they wore out all the familial bonds
if they cant take care of themselves somehow
so yea
id rather die tbh
why bother with the weak
even then, even with all the resources of the cosmos
if you dont cut them off they just drain resources
theyre basically the crippled tribesman who cant even forage
they just cant sieze them
the resources and system are there
so they dont deserve the aid they cannot provide themselves
if the places were traded they couldnt do the same
why should those who can burden themselves with those who cannot
and they shouldve been left for dead
but in reality life is earned
idk. people want to think that now that we CAN carry those who cant run with us that we should
to pretend that our failures arent so bad
life means nothing. its just a lie we tell ourselves
self-genocide in china/cambodia
state sponsored genocide all over asia
south of the border theres countless murders
its really only americans and europeans that set the base value of a life so high
unsucessful
marginalized is another word for weak
or youre worth nothing
you make something of your life
because its true
clearly life is universally valued
after genocide
after genocide
i mean its not like we had genocides
yes im sure life was very valuable to ancient tribes slaughtering and raping
your life is worth as much as you make from it
you know
its just hippie new age bs that life is invaluable and precious
feed themselves
they could just
because we dont value the life
but we choose not to give it
it takes $2 to feed a starving african child for a week
life can obviously be quantified as a value
everything can be valued by potential and use
and the potential of its life
what gives a consciousness value is the clarity of its thoughts
almost the same as yours
theres 7 billion others out there
consciousness isnt all that rare
but theres a false equivalency between uniqueness and value here
the infinity of things that COULD be is greater than the infinity of things that are
no thats a correct mathematical statement
sure theyre all "valuable and unique" but the only ones that really matter are the ones with the most potential
its like having a bag of diamonds
so we use these differences to judge value
almost identical save the minute differences
they exist on a spectrum
people arent really all that unique
each snowflake is unique but they definitely dont matter
because everything is "unique"
this argument is meaningless
Considering every possible combination of matter which could exist in the space which you exist now, the fact that you exist there and something else doesn't has such a low probability that you are profoundly unique and as a result, your unique consciousness is meaningful due to its almost  impossibility and rarity 
therefore he is valued higher
reason says that you save the american one
like if you had to save one or the other
its just not worth it to invest in unlikely causes
youre equally likely to have ghandis in population subsets with higher potential
we have to go on probabilistic
but nothing is deterministic
of course, the more you look into people this proves untrue
you have to value him over the other
so without anything further to judge on
on an average scale
the american one has more potential
not really
but in the general sense its true
so you cant blanket say that NOBODY matters
like an african child isnt worth an american one
although personally i think that different people are valued differently
im just saying mars is right
im not arguing with you
fuck everyone else
its on you to make yourself happy
nobody matters
mars is right
gwyn_irl
well yea theyre clearly into each other
jojo and chill huh
looking at that game should give you aids
this isnt the first time right
because no soloq adc is going to play mundo or garen for you
shes really only good in pro play
the worst thing was just the targeted 80% slow
and i wouldnt have an issue
like cut a little damage off her R or healing on W
honestly though after all the nerfs shes ok
boom solved it
while shes on him
and infinite speed/hp
with the dps of a mage
thats why he becomes an unstoppable tank
its fucking garen's cat
shes some mage's familiar
she is tho
i just pretend they dont exist
i said the yordles needed an update
so he cant keep her
also senna is apparently gifted with immortal life
because they would lead him to what he wanted
he let them go
wait did you read threshs updated bio
when they tried to give them dimensionality 
because they made them too evil and sinister
demacia is worse now? kida
so theyre ok
freljord, noxus, shurima, shadow isles just got updated
that need to be updated
its like just yordles
all the revamped areas are good
idk the new lore after summoners were removed is cool
no meme
also league has a lore book coming out
just like i play souls for quality style and lighting
yes I too play league for its novel and exciting lore
and dull
just because its justified in the game doesnt mean that the art style isnt repetitive 
if you want to simplify styles like that
and has fire
everything in souls is dark
but its not less typical than dark souls
i mean yea its not as colorful and vibrant as it could be as an anime style
its just weeby
the art isnt that bad
AI means we can redistribute our labor into useful pursuits
clap his bionicle ass
thats a small final boss
tbh
shes gonna make him cringe to death
dva believes in your weeb ass
one sec i gotchu
because of what might occur
we hold ourselves back from whats possible
the biggest problem with this country is we put people before progres
and implement this on themselves
luckily theyre also the ones most likely to vote republican
eventually we will come to a consensus
so if we cant all agree then lets start by weeding out the voices that dont matter right
you take them out
when you have rotten apples you dont leave them in the barrel
the percent of reasonable people is not 100
no matter what number you take
and we will have weeded out the 1/5
if people are as good as you say they should have no problem doing so
to earn your voice
isnt it a better system to prove you are one of the reasonable and rational
when 1/5 cant be trusted with one
why do we need to give everyone a voice
so even if we take the 20% number
not that 95% support trump
95% are retards is what i said
at the least
of the country
its still 20%+
it still exists
idk what you mean by they learned
he still has a huge base
the best thing to do with them is remove their jobs, their voice
they cant learn
the biggest mistake you can make is giving them a platform and a voice
most people are worthless
like you think that everyone is rational but the truth is 
we cant even outlaw tech companies selling our data
dumb, poor, trash
because thats what they are
and voted
also because the dumb saw someone like them
only society will progress less because they dont have the skill to keep it running
either tyranny must be enforced on the masses or the masses will enforce tyranny on themselves
but people are greedy, irrational, uneducated
youre arguing that in a utopia where people are reasonable that democracy is the best choice
why do you put so much faith in uneducated trash. theyre the ones who voted trump in
imagine if at Samo we let the students vote for principle, teacher, policies, etc
they cant be allowed to make their own decisions
they were popular with the people but the people are dumb
how do you think Mao came into power. or Hitler. or stalin
when the 5% know whats best for it
the 95% of people can then decide to ruin the country
its fundamentally flawed because 51% can then vote to take everything from the other 49
democracy is just tyranny enforced through the masses
the smartest ones are the ones with the tools
i think its good that right now
some people have to be in charge and the others have to be kept in line
do you think that little peasant minds could ever have created and put such tools to use
you think that the masses wouldve utilized it as effectively
think of all the uses in every field for AI
ok wait think about what we've accomplished
wont be needed
because shit like manual labor or whatever
milo it wont mean you dont have to work itll mean you can finally do meaningful work
the saga of humanity must be continued by machines
if all biological humans die but AI continues humans still exist
AI will BE humanity if it takes over us
who cares if it takes over humanity
and greatly increase our productivity
force the populace into development
is a knife in our own back
every voice arguing for ethics and the slowing of progress
development is the answer and the way to win
than there is development
theres more argument about ethics
because soft heart retards care more about individuals than society as a whole
the real goal is for them to surpass us which is clearly happening
the eye surgery is because they want to be like the dominant power which for now is the west
and control the market
they have shares in all the companies
they emulated western culture to win but they don't like it. the government still pushes for more and more control
they think that the world finds it appealing and they will do anything to become "the best"
you grossly misunderstand the cultural reasoning behind that
the fuck
work towards it
instead of fighting the future we should accept it
under a different guise
even the fucking CCP is just a continuation of the imperial line
in chinese history the peasants never win. the dynasty always continues and the government remains the same
and theyll steamroll the world
even if the west decides to stop development china will create it
someone isnt paying attention to reality
in peasant trash
you put a lot of faith
lmao
imagine singularity, where the AI can improve itself and replace humans. think of the greater good itll create
especially when it has so much promise
we're never going to stop the development of new tech
etc
smarter
the people developing it are richer
how are you going to stop it lol
and theres nothing stopping that code from being written
but once we have AI smarter than people itll be over
i dont think itll be intentional
the problem is that most jobs are hyper focused on a specific task and college is meant to teach you how to think
the university system is a scam in that for most jobs now you dont need a degree BUT soon that won't be true
the individuals wont matter when they can be replaced
and all it takes is the ability to harness it
limitless power and potential
theres a sick quote from elon musk where he describes AI as "having summoned the demon"
this is stuff that could literally redefine what is needed for society and what makes us human
humanity holds the greatest power its ever known right now
its literally saving billions of man hours of labor thats frankly redundant and a waste of human potential
theres no reason humanity would ever pause something so grand
automation is the greatest advance and tool of our time
and processes old documents into PDFs or whatever is needed
but industrial servers can train one that recognizes written characters with 99%+ accuracy
our lab is working on it without back-propagation training so it can run on any laptop 
yea its a huge part of the image recognition field of AI
not really, theres AI that can recognize handwriting now
like every field is already facing automation and theres an oxford study showing that 47% of jobs will be automated in the next 25 years
Babylon or smth has 85% accuracy on some test where MDs only top out at 75%
theres like 4 competing companies who have diagnosis AI 
so less low-level grunts are needed to dredge up case files
most law firms are cutting down on new hires because legal discovery is automated now
and hired a huge engineering team instead
goldman sachs went from 600 traders to just 2 since 2000
banks are poised to cut most of their staff
nah i think itll be in our lives
stuff where data is hard to come bu
like archeology
weirdly i think itll be jobs where you need to know a lot about very niche things that are likely new
not how to operate a specific job
the day is coming where you will need a degree or a huge amount of creative specialization to avoid being automated away
i think its a good process
also getting one is proof you can transition to professional work from school projects
internships lead to full offers if you prove good enough. the point of interns is any idiot can get a degree so you want to test them for quality. if theyre good then you already onboarded them anyway
Those aren't conflicting. You should do an internship before transferring is what they're saying
Oh boy
Instead of blizzard. I can give my money right to China 
Pog
you two should fuck and get this tension out
if that makes it happen
so if i do that i dont even need to leave the house xd
yea im in the process for this gps startup thats fully remote
and maybe it blows up and im set for life
so id rather take the risk at a startup
but like i have my parents and christina to support me if shit goes down
just well off
amazon stock is never going to make you rich as fuck
i want to do a startup cause the stock is higher reward there
idk it depends
but the usual 40 hour weeks
he doesnt know yet
id also have said fuck you i want mroe
i would be but like
nah hes excited
hes getting shafted
nah theres 3 other people ik who got 140
so
and he didnt argue up
their start
which is like
112k + 26k signing bonus doubled after a eyar
although the offer kinda sucks for amazon standards
i forgot to apply in the summer kms
lucky bitch
well connor got an offer from amazon
but official
its literally mobile legends
disgusting
childrens card game hype
that last game
league was fucking terrible
xd
im also glad its over. my crippling hatred of the poor will never let me be satisfied with income
or she showered between
yea maybe if it was the last thing
same thing
also piss
thats a no go
no matter how hot she is
exactly
idk what if she wants to shit on your chest
you want to do other stuff to her
but then you dont want to piss on her
even if she wanted it tho
why would you do that
still no
which means you still need to put in a fuckton of work
only for california its over 100
even if you arent competing with others you still need to make yourself happy which is the "70k"
also 132k is almost double
30k is ~40% deviation from 70k
70k is far from the number
so if you adjust this to properly account for where you want to live
In Los Angeles-Long Beach, CA you'd need $105,589; in Sacramento, CA you'd need a salary of $85,400; and $132,853 in San Francisco
As people earn more money, they start to question how satisfied they are with their lives and their earnings. This includes comparing themselves to others and how they stack up. To feel satisfied with their life evaluation took a $95,000 salary
This study was global, however, so the lower numbers may have come from countries that have much lower costs of living
and 10 years ago
not 70k
Back in 2010, a study done at Purdue University concluded that $75,000 was the magic income an individual needed to be happy
im mostly denying your claim that 70k is "good enough"
its always shirt weather
its convenient
i only go there to snowboard
its terrible
also theres weather changes and shit there
while im in fucking colorado
no cause id still know theres people in LA living it up
mars im counting 70k as the ~6k a month toatl income from family/job/bank incentives
theyre beautiful and natural too
country clubs
michelin star food
teslas and chargers
you know whats cooler
your solution to making no money is to live in bumfuck nowhere
not near anything novel and cool
way less food choices
where the fuck would i move that this money is "happy"
i have to go grocery shopping instead of ordering or having a cook or smth
i have a roommate
and it still sucks here
actually i have like a 70k budget pretty much if i count the paycheck i get from the school
im living in a place and budget coming out to the equivalent of 50k and it sucks
they probably arent that happy then
and theyre not even graduated
like 15% of the people i know already have job offers for 110+
70k also just isnt that much
if i live in an RV i cant just go out and find a mansion
and theyd probably love me back
if i had a mansion to myself i could find someone i love easily
because i sure as fuck wouldnt be
work up to 70k
40k out of college
are you ok if you peak at 70k
ok what about salary then
would you be happy living in a 300k house in arkansas
whats your minimum then
this is the minimum for my happiness
two kids
a nice 60k car
a house in SM
i mean lets take minimums
70k youre looking at a 2 bedroom at best
cause at that point youre set for anything reasonable
if you said 700 id believe you
dude if i made 70k id be pretty fucking unhappy
the ticket to every happiness
money is literally the cure to every problem
the MOST renowned dishes are not $3
but no money guarantees no quality
you want hot hookers you need money
money
you want tasty food, nice drinks, servants and staff
money gets you anything you consider good
you cant experience the good shit that way
you cant stay in 5* resorts on 30k
drink fine wine
drink fine wine
eat exotic food
see countries you couldnt
you could also work harder and experience all of life
take 4 vacations in different places
drive a different car to work every day
use them
4 vacation homes
have a garage full of cars
ok then to have the things yourself
etc
cars
to give your kids houses
than making enough money and needing to acquire the other things
which is objectively way harder
then you have to live with making less money
money solves everything
nannies and store bought fish
you can just pay others to do that
you dont have to have the most but you have to have more than however many people youre happy having more than
why would you if you gain nothing
then you grossly overestimate the chance it helps you i guess
i wouldnt do it at the mall or out of town
places where the people are likely to be important
like i only hold the door at uni or at work or smth
others would see the chance as so small its not worth it
because they may see the numbers differently
the cost is small (1) and the chance is small (1/100000) but the reward is big enough you've judge it to be worth (120000)
its the logical thing to do. you lose almost nothing but you might impress someone who will give you something
you do that because society says its the right thing and youll be judged negatively if you dont
then you don't exist because nobody has ever done that
you save someone's life and they give you something back
help provided to people nets you help in return
even besides the satisfaction
exactly why altruism doesnt exist
so thats not altruistic
but even then I gained knowledge from it
never again
i mean ive done it once
item 2 ive been told is true
*nobody sane and reasonable
item 1 for sure
i guess?
personal satisfaction
with the receiver
improved relations
not even close
name one unselfish act done with no benefit to the performer
crazies maybe
people just weigh the cost/benefit differently
you always consider what you get from it and do it when you think the benefit is worth it
nobody does anything for purely altruistic reasons
and thats why altruism doesnt exist
thats why people do it
doing things for others is only worth it when you gain more than you give
and he will have been the idiot that cause it
his gene pool will die out
his children got nothing and they will suffer
say on the other hand youre that retard who gave 10 million to the school in his will
the benefits people will give you might outweigh that, so you do it
say you put in 1000 to charity all publicly and shit
exceeds the cost of being altruistic
thats only because the reward for altruism
the altruism gene is bullshit. its a free for all
so...thats how you earn the stuff that matters
your family is less likely to
if the others succeed your kids are less likely  to
no, fuck the collective, theyre the competition. you, your family, your peers are the allies
youre successful when you think to yourself "ok, ive beaten enough people that my kids will certainly beat enough people"
you do so by passing on the most wealth to your kids so they have the best odds to reproduce
thats ALL life is
youre trying to make your genes last the longest
life is certainly a competition
youre successful when youre happy with how many people youre better than
its also to just be better than other people
and as long as the status quo is kept itll stay meaningful
not right now it isnt
because theyve wasted their lives chasing success thats now meaningless
then everyone who worked so hard for financial success is screwed
im not rewriting my life plan because of hippie empathy and ethics
thats worse
then what. you change all your life goals to this new idea of success?
the more you have over others the more youve succeeded. UBI means the successes youve earned are worth less
success is subjective
all the work youve put in to now means jack shit cause its handed out for free
are you really going to toil your whole life just to see others do nothing and get what you have
do you really want it
and anyway even if universal basic income is the "right" choice
if youre on food stamps and run out you starve
its already legal
and they never want to accept a helping hand
they cant be trusted with their own decisions. the democrat candidates are always better for them
these people are doomed
ive known enough trash. a significant amount of my family still lives in the taiwanese countryside
which part
that way we can elect officials to act on their interests for them because we know whats best
they cant change. its better to cut losses. put them out of job and home. ensure they dont reproduce or at least dont vote
the opposite of what he promised
and done nothing against people like us
they voted for someone who has hurt them the worst
and they used it to hurt themselves
because we give these idiots a voice
ik you want to think of them as people but consider the quality of people
racist old farmers, dumb truckers, illegal construction workers, etc
those are the people automation will replace though
whats society's return on investment for keeping these people? trump, the KKK, mass shootings
or the mentally deranged
like what are we hoping to get from bible thumping racist boomers
or in this case productivity from a vegetable
rather than try to force blood from a stone
the best solution may be to actually cut your losses
sunk cost fallacy there though
thats the most productive theyll ever be
youre conserving the resources needed to preserve them
i dont understand how its wasteful
we say get fucked to them
im saying we give them a test and if they can do nothing else
a truck can drive itself 24 hours a day and never cause an accident so we dont need the truckers. im not saying we just say get fucked to them
so we dont need the people
one machine can do the work of 1000 people
we dont need them to now
and that was needed
at least peasants still grew food
reaping the rewards of society is ok when you are part of the contributors
if we could test them for aptitude and just cull those without itd be ok
the problem is that when its proven they CANT contribute people still have to support them
yes but theyre reaping the rewards of others
its not overpopulated but theres too many people right now who dont contribute meaningfully
if they fight back the military and police will put them down
they dont contribute so they starve
plus its just right
yea but this way theyre on the opposite side of the law
win win
if they do theyre burning their own homes so
if they dont riot, they cant afford food and shit to live
historically riots hurt the poor the worst so rebellion will achieve the intended effect
and let them starve out within 2 generations
but in actuality its easier to just get rid of their jobs
and wtf are they gonna do against the terminator
maybe one day we make an AI that determines how to best improve society and it goes to cull them
you dont really know that
then we gucc
yea they don't belong. if we just get rid of them
if you think about it, the people who dont belong are the ones who make it not work
society works so well
why tho
and dont belong
when youre out youve proven you consume more than you produce
but its also your proof that you earned a place within society
money isnt skill true
by your forefathers
inheritance isnt working hard but your place in society has been earned
thats the point of doing it
if you were worth that much youd give it to your kid too
bank errors
mislabeled documents
car crashes
someone in his past was skilled enough to make that money
someone in his past was skilled enough to make that money
yea but if we let humans keep their jobs we keep getting shitty diagnoses
so if they dont work how are they earning a place in society
thats a different argument
the retards
to subsidize
you want people who work and are skilled
ok hold up
food safety is a huge issue in restaurants
doctors misdiagnose 1/10 patients
you let those truck drivers keep driving and theyll kill ~9x more people than the AI
hassle prevented
yea but youre forgetting that efficiency in these cases is lives saved
theres only articles saying we should just not progress because some people cant cope
parsa AI best doctor in the world
also i just wanted to link that cause the dude's name is parsa
etc
or articles saying that the world will end
trying to see this from the other side is cancer though
i guess thats usable enough
make human more money and product
computer do job better than human
and ill just quote you guys for the paper
and why we need humans
give me your hippie ideas on why automation sucks
so i have to do a paper on computer vision and argue both for and against it because the class is retarded
Riot is truly desperate
nah its still kind of white people tho. affirmative action disproportionately helps them
is that Common in wow
wait i thought the arthas song was in latin
fuck classic give me WotLK back
same actually
finding another choice is just giving them a chance to win before we find the other option
thats safer
theres also the option right in front of us
or sell him your soul
no matter what the choices are become the devil
theyre too proud of being one people that they would never truly rebel for major change because it might lead to another century of humiliation
therye too united to view themselves as individuals
the oppressive dynasty system ends only to be replaced by the PRC
dynasty falls only to be replaced by another
every rebellion always leads to reunification under the same thing
theyve never been fractured by rebellion
thats how china was felled last time
you can only beat them by force
you cant beat them by humanitarianism 
they cant be swayed on that
they literally think theyre divinely chosen
they view the government as an extension of the dynasty
they never will
they dont recognize the government as an oppressor
and those people will never rise up
not to china though
the poor have no voice there
you do understand that right
the ones who arent dont count in china
theyre coming for us far more united than we are
many are incredibly wealthy
youre thinking of old china. most of them are now middle class
because thats what they think is their rightful place
they would ALL give up freedom to become the dominant force again
all of them would give up freedom to never again be subjugated by the west
they care about the money and power thats been given to them and thats it
they truly love them for pulling so many from starvation and poverty
the people think the PRC saved them from the demonic west
china fractures but never falls
2000
if not longer
theyve been one civilization since 200BCE
china is as close to immortal as a nation gets
they truly hate us
they view the west as demons who subjected them to a century of humiliation
theyre proud of this
living with parents and grandparents is the right call though
if not the world
for thousands of years they were the dominant civilization in the region
china loves their history and the people are proud of it
ill give a brief explanation
most of china truly loves the government
idk where youre getting that
they arent pissed off
but thats the only way
freedom wins
and always keep ahead
if we had the tech to neutralize their subs and missles
and passed the ball to asia
freedom has crippled us
freedom loses if china wins this game
we need the tech to keep their advantages in check
their numbers will always be greater so we need a better force multiplier
the only way to do so is make sure our force is always superior
winning is to not be taken over by china and to not let them control more of asia and the world
because, jett, the only way to win is to play
better the devil you know
if their military were stronger hong kong would be toast
so they can never directly act against us
is to beat them in tech
the way to win against china
itd be quashed in a day and nobody would know
if this movement ever sprang up in china
because the west is watching
hong kong is only still able to rebel
you think its hard to tiananmen square a movement
weve shown emotions can be read by these cameras
my lab has already proved you can both recognize a person from a mile away in second with a cheap camera and china has cameras that can identify everyone in a crowd of tens of thousands
china has the technology to ensure there are never leaders
rebellions need leaders
it has equipment and technology every other totalitarian state can only dream of
theres so little chance china collapses on itself
we keep the right to be free in every other way
we force kids to pursue stem and wealth
conforming on this one thing is a small price for continued freedom
we have to win or theyll force us to conform to EVERYTHING
yea and this is why asia is making so much more money and developing so much research even though the west has centuries of colonial resources and way more educational background
none of which you gain by refusing to conform to your parents
yes but the things that matter are: financial success, community respect, family success
you wont be any more
otherwise when the chinese come buy your land and country
you need discipline to remain free
and the inability to conform
because of individual desires
we're giving up control of the world
My parents and Christina's parents didn't marry for love 
and also that the west is doing worse than the east right now
you know thats only a western right
stand by and let them flounder
but sure
theyll be much more likely to be less successful
no nanny or tutor could ever do that
without straining the parent-child relationship
and discipline
who can impose a whole life's worth of wisdom
and your kids are educated by the elders
you save on childcare costs
so they can better thrive and walk the right path
its strength to be able to abandon your kid when they need it
like if i go home without a job i wont even have a night
and so if i clearly didnt have enough theyd send me out
my parents know what being alone and outcast is. but they also learned strength comes from discipline
because theyre afraid of losing you
if they love you "without limit" then its cause theyre hiding their true feelings
thats an unrealistic expectation to have of them
and if your spouses parents approve
if they approve
like if you get married youre going to ask
yes but if you make a major decision you should ask them
and who cared for you when you when nobody in this world would
who have known you longer than youve known yourself
and its to listen to the ones who are wiser than you
youre free to make a choice but im arguing theres always a right choice
Different people are predispositioned to different pursuits 
is them
everything that makes you who you are
raised by them
youre made from them
gwyn you ARE them
eventually youll see it too
ive gone against htem
thats proven true every time
they know better
theyre wiser and longer lived
they do love you so they want you to do whats best for yourself
if you love them then youd do what they want
they chose to for you so its right to reciprocate
than you have to lose by conforming to them
they had more to give up and gave it to you
in raising you
they lost twice the years of their lives as you
is your personal identity worth more than that
think of what they lost or gave to you
so you think that because theyre your parents they owe you everything
again youre abandoning the ones you owe
is extremely selfish
fighting for yourself over the community
and selfish
is straight up ungrateful
to ignore those who gave you everything
to ignore everyone around you is to fight for nothing
they have access to your other family
then you have no leverage
if they want something from you
all im saying is that conforming is the right choice imo. you cant change your parents and you have more to lose than them
yea lets say she wanted him to be
you get nothing
you never see or hear from them again
where would you pick
jett if you came out and your mom said choose your partner or your family
so ill do what they want
but i want them
ok but they dont owe me houses and money
thats not outrageous
of their own flesh and blood
they want grandkids
i mean i understand them and so i think its ok they think that way
because you know i want my inheritance and family to be tehre for me
and i have an obligation to meet them
because they have these things called expectations
and if i decided to marry some dude and never have kids theyd probably cut me off
if i cut off my arm or some shit theyd be confused
my parents respect my autonomy but not absolutely
if things go wrong
he loses a place to return to
are you going to give up all you have for some stupid argument
is that worth it
then what
so then she cuts you off and leaves you with nothing
not listening to them is shooting yourself in the foot
they only want whats best for you
also why bother going against your parents
is stupid
but until then giving it all up for an ideology
then i can say and do what i want
when i have my own money and respect
and i can make the calls
well i'll be free when i have a family then
who will hire someone when the whole community says theyre disrespectful and worthless
it really will
and have opportunities
to be part of the communith
because you need their respect
over a disagreement
give up all your money, family, etc
like what else are you going to do
but if they dont change then you do
you have the freedom to change their minds obviously
or change them
you just have to respect what they want
which they are
it doesnt matter if your parents are in the wrong
sophie still hasnt come out to her parents or mine because to do so would mean losing them essentially
is what makes people respect you
how you act towards your parents and how successful you are
money and respect are your place in society
its what makes you part of society
its called propriety
would be abhorrently disrepectful
e
because to let his parent's material go to wast
xiahou dun was shot in the eye in battle and plucked it out and ate it
the physical material to make you
the lost opportunity
for the monetary value of raising you
you owe your parents
you dont owe strangers shit
its more than help
they made you
people helped you
who raised it
jett who gave you that body
you pretty much have to do what they say
and gave you everything
what are you going to do. they spent so much to raise you
im literally not allowed to go back home if i so much as get a tattoo 
with any significant deviatiosn
most parents i know wont acknowledge their kids
ok well your parents are the exception
no
if youre the worst sibling
will your parents love you
how will you face your family if youre the fuck up
pride, pleasure, respect
more money is always good
thats so blatantly wrong i cant even start
all round
even though then they had family
my parents think of the worst time in their lives as when they were poorest
will provide you the means to have it
yes but your sucess
thats physical happiness
silk gowns, temperature control, lavish meals
rather than trying to achieve emotional happiness without physical
so you only then feel the physical happiness of good food, nice things, etc
emotions can be locked away
physical happiness is bought though
and far more happy
but most asian parents i know dont care for each other but are wealthy and successful
so theres many mediocre couples who dont succeed
western culture says to marry for love
i think chasing happiness is what causes sadness
feel nothing -&gt; succeed -&gt; recall happiness -&gt; succeed -&gt; etc
so all it takes is locking away what you dont want and letting yourself feel what you want
if you think about a happy thought or sad thought you physically feel it right
just what you tell yourself to
yes but youre forgetting it doesnt matter what you really feel
And have truly earned it
Then gain logical satisfaction from success. The ability to say you're happy
Success. Money. Better lives for family
And your children will benefit more
Even so your life will have been more productive and meaningful
It feels like nothing after you did
Locking it away is moving on
Or dwell on it
When you break up do you feel better when you ignore it
Maturity comes from learning to ignore it
They lack skill 
Babies feel
That makes no sense
Feeling more skillfully
Also growth comes intellectually. Wtf is emotional growth 
If you raise them to be successful
Because they take care of you
Also you profit from it
Idk my parents said it is
No because it's easy. Things that are hard are what contains value
Is anything easy taught
And I have that
And not be crippled by it
Emotional discipline is the skill to not feel
Love is easy. Emotion is easy
They take the easily achieved happiness
And need false happiness
They lack mental discipline
Made up by those who want you to fail so they can succeed
Because love is a scam
But they're happy
And their happiness is from success
No not really. satisfaction comes from success
Distracts you
It holds you back
It's an impairment even
It's meaningless and a crutch
It's nothing
Love is shit man
Love doesn't produce power
Cars don't run on care
Creative and caring don't progress the world
You could be the most disadvantaged fucker but the laws of reality won't show themselves to you over someone more learned
Doesn't care
Research
Jobs don't care what you went through
Whoever is accepting you defines it
Your score and tested ability 
Objective society is simple. Only consider relevant skills
Your fair shot is the right to be judged objectively
Yes but fairness must consider your ancestors
What right do they have to succeed
So if they can't and their parents weren't
Inner city kids could succeed too if they were like her
That's why I didn't let depression get me
I don't. I'm living on her gifts and try to copy her attitude
That's fair. Greatness bestows reward
This is what it takes to succeed. If you don't then your kids are fucked
Siblings 
Fought depression and raised signings
Food 
Went to school. Had to acquire good
My mom lived alone starting at 12
Diagnosed
Fixed myself by mental discipline 
Went to therapy. Realized it was worthless 
Ninth grade
Specifically
What situation 
You can force yourself to be better
And in turn cures hopelessness
Inner discipline fixes wallowing
Alexander faced the Persians in a hopeless situation and led the charge himself rather than surrender
That's fact
That's the attitude you need. People who wallow waste that energy
I turned the hopelessness into fuel and do my lab now
I got rejected by every internship
No I channel it into my work
Anguish is fuel
Drive you to fix it
And it didn't light a fire under you
Never settle for what you have man
You guys are soft wtf
That's how it should be
Disappointment is payment for failure
Everyone should desire huge triumph
You fucking should be punished for desiring mediocrity
Then they're wrong wtf
Be the one to succeed
Be the change
Yes
Until one of them conquers their shitty start
They failed
And again their parents are to blame for that
Less outside pursuits
Compared to me they need lower scores
Gwyn they clearly aren't being denied shit. Their parents and mine had the same chance
No police
There was a lot of crime
Compared to village poverty
Etc
Government support 
With supermarkets
Honestly the inner city parents had it better
You succeed so your family can
So their bloodline gets to benefit 
One succeeded
They were in the same situation
It's really inner city kid vs my parents
The failures remain
The skilled rise
No, just some
Then why do you deserve it then
If you can't it's a personal failure
Gwyn clearly it's possible to conquer poverty
You owe them
They raised you
They're always your parents man
And talent
Poor people born without skills
Wtf
No. You shouldn't be
Born like it
Because they have no drive and no talent
Also I don't hate white people. Just the culture
Poverty happens when you fail 
Considering most of her village conquered it
It's hard to imagine blaming it on your failures
I've seen my mom's village
Poverty isn't hard to comprehend
But whites who do the same end up ceos
All I'm saying is Asians who work super hard and are incredible outliers end up with upper middle class jobs and lifestyles
It's the same with blacks and sports
Even in American University they're usually the top
There's so many of them with PhDs. Most research comes from China
Which Asians are unfairly evaluated on
It's all objective skill
Cause they had none and made it
It's not about economic advantage
My mom is from a poor rural village literally raising their own food man
They were worse than any inner city kids
Also I'm well off because my parents came with nothing to their name and worked up to it
Yes change my identity because you know the white people expect it
Full ride
I'd be in cal tech
I'm salty because if I were white with what I have
Like affirmative action
The problem is that when it's overcome white people come up with new ways to fuck you
Railroad workers to rich
See Chinese Americans
Income inequality can be overcome
To keep most of them in check
Affirmative action and shit kicked in
Asians started poor as sit in this country and when they succeeded
Because then the bias would keep them out 
No they wouldn't
Do you think they'll produce as much research
As people who did get tutored
Do you think they're as smart and ready 
And demographic limits
Get rid of sat bias
Yes you level the playing field by evaluating all people objectively
Or marry a rich woman 
You're more likely to get a business loan
To succeed in the only important aspect
Etc
Jobs
To get into schools
The biggest advantage of which is literally needing half the effort
Get in the real world and look at all the shit you get free for being white
Do you think we live in ancient Greece 
All in intellect
Is literally
Value in academia and the work place
Research is produced through intellect
To do a PhD you literally need novel research
Humanities is too 
Yes academia is literally all reasoning and memory
And your value
When you're in academia your value is literally your advantage
The one with the intelligence or the one with a disadvantage
Who's the better doctor
That still means they know less
Etc
More experience and relevant skills
Better extracurricular
When there's millions of Asians with better scores 
So why do we accept less intelligent people from other races into academia
Like if I'm a cripple you won't hire me to work construction
Then they're still under skilled
Bias is literally racism
Objectivity is the fair method
Not based on racial average
It should be objective
That's bullshit and you know it
With literally 35/36 on act I didn't get any ivy leagues
Asians need to score 50 above whites to get into the same school
Fine then let's talk educating
Outside of tech if I apply for the same job as Connor he'd make 20% more
If all whites were as educated they'd make 100k average
When an unqualified cracker is almost as good as a qualified Asian
So clearly there's bias in pay
Many of whom are not educated
The average Asian is college educated and highly skilled and still only makes 20k more on average than whites
Also Asians work so much harder
By wage
Whites do
Which is hella gay
You legit can put in half the work as any other race and do as well
Point is America sucks. Asians have to be twice as good and even then schools only accept so many before turning to unqualified whites, blacks, etc
Like they're the Mexicans of Asia
All of Southeast Asia dreams of domination
They're Asia's bitch
Yea that makes sense
In like all east Asia
Disney is good there 
If I was black they'd be paying me
If I was white I'd be in Harvard or some shit with a full ride
Like sat scores, mcat, etc
Anyway the main point is Asians have it kind of shit. Like with Hollywood you have to be way above others to get the same result
Especially with China owning so much of Africa they get used a lot
Bc you can't show criminals get away with shit against the Chinese officials but others can be incompetent or criminal
Black people may be more prominent because that's how film makers skirt the censorship
If they do it's as a token
That's... Not even true. White people almost never show up in Chinese film
probably
That's not the majority opinion tho. Just mine
Although personally I don't want to see Chinese anyway 
The problem is literally that Hollywood is racist as fuck
Unless you want to count native Americans I guess
And TV 
You know the least represented demographic in film is Asians right
Anyone up for gamer hours want to see joker later
makes sense now
didnt know that
and youre straight
i thought grindr was for gays
exactly
thats cute you two should fuck
this is unheard of
where do you find random people to fuck on a college campus
its not like communism where you get fucking shot for learning
if you fail, it means you weren't good enough to overcome what you were handed
nobody can cause your failure it can only be harder for you to succeed
there are people who succeeded even with the worst conditions. like theres inner city kids who grow up to be rich and successful
everyone else likes it
but that probably means
ok i strongly disagree with this system because it evens out the differences between those who play the system successfully and those who fail
people CAN learn to be intelligent and skilled
they dont because they dont try or have incredibly low natural talent
thats just part of it
well they should also know whats good for them
i still disagree with milo/jett/gwyn
yep
we're getting rid of people with low skill
thats fine
fuck those people for not having talent
like transportation, service, etc
we should get rid of menial jobs
but yea my opinion is that for now
theyll be in the cloud as AI-human fusions
but essentially yes
well itll be more than one person
long term the last thing an AI will be unable to do is create new ideas
thats short term
to be the last humans before reaching singularity
and keep only the best and brightest
the goal here is to eliminate the need for people
nah AI can do that
and will continue the human race as AI-fused immortals
as they should be
all others will have been culled
those who have made it that far are the best and deserve to be there
and at that point humans are redundant and can be provided for by the AIs
that would imply a general ai exists
and develop their thoughts and skills
its up to everyone to keep ahead of the curve
at the given moment
anything done that an AI or machine can't do
unless theyre producing intellectual labor
humans are a waste of resources
thats kind of where we need to be
because thats all humans are good for
yea and to do so you just get rid of all non-intellectual jobs
but we'll get there
might take longer
at least i hope
except research
like if you just give it 20 years we wont need people for basically anything
theres also people working on a formula to calculate the emotional response by a song
and have a few humans vet it for good ones
its only a step up to introduce more randomness
theres already AI that can paint and write music
idk i think eventually AI will take over design, construction, entertainment
dude they already are. AI will free them to learn to be useful
later
because youll never have a fair deal
you cant pay for what cant be measured
in response to specific chemicals released by love
and youll see it recepts differently
scan the brain
yea you can tho
fucking unicorns are real
otherwise are you gonna say
it probably doesnt exist
ok if you cant measure something
for being unproductive
them
the government giving these people money is essentially rewarding the
of human time and effort
than permanent waste
temporary unrest is better
but it was a good thing
the first factories pushed people out of jobs
humans are inherently lazy
since the dawn of man people have been pushing to get rid of menial tasks
the writing on the wall has always been there
if you dont then its on you
but I have something valuable i can do
well yea ofc its dependant on personality
youll be content
and once youre where you want to be
working your way up produces happiness
or move companies
like promote
but then you can push for more
and find personal satisfaction
even if you work retail you can try to optimize what youre doing
and being on the cutting edge of something
it feels good solving problems
also theres happiness in working
like im significantly less happy in college but also its worth it so i just deal with it
take the temporary L
you go for it after achieving what you have to
and get nowhere
you fall into chasing it
happiness is a trap
yes but they feed into universities
the ccp put them in all over china
public schools 
then you live the good life rich and happy and important
until youre 30
who cares about happiness you only have to deal with it
way faster
and they progress
like their working week is way longer
china is doing great though and their people put in the hours
unless you literally only count rich chinese
asians do worse than whites on average
is 
most of my major
and for the record im colored
by fucking removing the need for them to work
you know how to fix peoples real problemms
its honestly easy
like i can tutor for 353 while still thinking how to do the lab shit i have to do
you can think about two things at once
then you can relax
and build your skillset
only long enough to establish yourself 
and again you dont have to do it forever
or whatever you want to do
that still leaves 6 waking hours for gaming
its not that hard to do 80 its like 11 hours a day
controlled by the elite
who you know gets paid by the government
yea but peasants with guns cant do shit against an army
they dont even have the courage to revolt lmao
is more important than numbers
force multiplier
those people have nothing
why do you fit into society
if you have neither
humans are for specialization and adapatability
machines will always be better
where we dont need humans doing it
and menial to the point
but manual labor is bad for your health
and league and shit
i still get to run campaign
its honestly not that bad
either thats racist
so then i only need 35-40 a week
like by the time i have a job ill pretty much always have one bar fucking going to prison
you only have to do 80 a week until youre irreplaceable
thats on them then. they didnt put in the work so theyre replaceable
etc
programming bootcamps to get into jobs without a degree
theres a million online courses teaching everything
its a process. people who dont do it are lazy
and i still do spend like 80 hours a week working
i mean i also studied so much for it
all of you have a talent. you dont have to defend these people
otherwise you arent worth keeping around
you need to have or build a talent
ik. i still stand by it though
that can replace most people eventually
bc i said i work in an AI lab developing basically easy to run and train AI
actually im pretty sure my professor hates me 
nah i have
if it helps whoevers writing it and frees people from menial labor
its like the jobs thing. theres no obligation for programmers to NOT develop job-stealing AI
and thats stupid shit
like 10 paid days off doing it
like the article was saying companies should provide paid time off if you do public service work 
google/amazon/whatever dont owe free anything to people
to provide free tech or services
theres no obligation for engineers or universities
like my stance was just if you arent good enough you dont get to beg for free shit
rich gf
enough inheritance in case shit gets rough
nice job lined up easily
ive probably got mine
id assume most of them think im a psychopath but whatever
i straight said "no. everyone should get their own on their own"
like how lawyers and doctors do public shit like dwb or being a public defender or whatever
and the one time the professor asked me about do engineers have an ethical obligation to help the public
like i say nothing personal about myself in writing
like if you only knew me through class youd think i was a psychopath too
tbh theyre probably just cruising through class
she knows it was justified
she was in that game
xd
maybe theyre just business majors then
they could just be the same
like i just straight dont like people
i mean what if thats just how they are
ik what you mean now
what do people without emotions say
what does something emotional is missing mean
take out the "guys" and its 90%
that sounds like 45% of people in universities
that makes sense
they really chilled out
they really chilled out
i straight bullied that aatrox
still not even chat banned
in league
i said i fuck children
just puttin this out there
dota players irl
dotas map is inherently bad
maybe in like an hour
sekiro isnt nearly as anime
its true tho
its literally weeb souls
christina and i played it at anime expo
oh shit that game
not just waifu trash
idk shes like an actual warleader now
her new VO is actually really good
now shes sad
oh wait they fully redid ashes VO
good art tho
truly unique
except shes an angel
they made a wild west ashe
typical capitalist
forcing a young immigrant boy to do your labor
birthday
happy
i only get like an hour a day besides friday. still finishing three houses xd
not much of a benefit tbh
only one of us has the epic games launcher
imagine being such a cuck you dont get boardlands on steam
but its still lit
it literally doesnt matter cause wifi only scuffed lealgue
i got ethernet to my apartment
(like)
is fitting
chemical castration
i agree 
yea but you can
everyone's name starts with m its confusing
i thought it was mars
we did this one before. most of us were pretty normal except one fuck got "hunter"
3 houses &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; league
the jews have us
the corruption in the system is rampant
y i k e s
^
now that i wont int
anyone league
blessed be
guys i can play practice tool without lagging out every 2 seconds
Are you trying to get Diego to do anal
I'm on the way
behold
so im running a face recognition software and i see it says "creating patches for Dick Cheney"
Appropriately said
I think you will
Are you guys coming
Yea now
Nvm I'm eating at home
If you're down
Nvm I'll be home like 1
Same
If you want to get it like 2 tho
I'm at usc rn
Tbh tomorrow feels more like it cause all I'm doing today is dinner lol
Ty ty
rip
turns out wifi sucks for league
i can use the internet. my life is worth living
it finally worked
bless
I went to buy a USB instead to copy it over from my laptop
Nah they sent me a disc but who the fuck has a disc drive anymore
Deadass tho my Wi-Fi adapter came but I need to download a driver from the internet which feels like it really defeats the purpose
I am online now
I am online now
Until then
Until then
You better not be on the vidya
Gamer hours are suspended until Amazon delivers me a Wi-Fi chip
Boomer!
furry porn
i like where that is going
he said "fucking neeko"
Not the most stable thing to do 
He stalked a girl with cancer
Hopefully he gets put away for good
Wtf I knew he was a psycho
Not weeb enough tho
Xayah rakan are pretty good actually
My life is a nightmare
Star guardian zoe has an uwu face in her bubble
Pog
Isn't gwyn a boss in dark souls
Isn't gwyn a boss in dark souls
Feelings dansgame
Ibs is a dangerous abbreviation
Spell it out
I see the Skype name change now
Mb gwyn
Also Nathan's there so we can talk to him about protests xd
There's booze
Miles Michael you guys able to come?
I don't think he reads chat
I don't think he reads chat
Let jett know
That's aight
Sat 6
Yea
? You can't make it sat
Doomed I have no internet until Tuesday
I'm 6-7 or later
What time works for you guys Saturday
Xd 
Crash
ill get drinks and shit
mob up
ok so in a week im having a birthday party at my place
Damn darkies
The customer service lady was a total bitch about it 
Never fly air Canada these bitches cancelled my flight and didn’t pay the hotel. They said they might reimburse but who tf knows
Can bool then too 
I'm having a birthday party the 31st too 
I think you know
Why spend money making skins for unpopular champions
Because nobody plays kindred 
its a good skin
Now you are
or barely 1
100 is either too many drinks
Keepo
Alternatively we can all just play dnd in person drunk as fuck
Last year
Like milos party really
Speaking of. I'm gonna have a party at my place sat aug 31 after my birthday so you guys should all come
bitch youre gay
anyone tft
is the 1 lp you get past iron 1
the real reward for first
ty rito
iron 1
get 1st
ranked tft logic
boy you really think jett knows what that is
We must know!
Bruh
i would know cause im still unbanned
its true they cant
League of tft
Also Diego I'll play league if you're still on
Yeah, me too
I am excited too
Op as fuck
Had 2 level 2 gnar to tank. One pd claw warmog
Yordles + sorcerer kayle is free win. Nobody kills any units so you deal 25+ damage per round
I am in town
I am in town
Wanna see it 2
get it straight
its fucking catgirl waifus in there
im down to go get shot
listen im in town this week
sight is by far the worst sense to lose
deaf &gt; blind
Wtf was the payoff
is that a physical limitation or a mental one
but idk if he did anything hitting on you
theres like a 70% hes gay
Did anyone feel an earthquake just now
Yea I'm bringing Jerry
Meeting there or does anyone need a ride
Meeting there or does anyone need a ride
Just dead noon?
What time tomorrow
wanna go thursday lunch
sure
no flame just curious
autistic
are you
saved
hearthstone
er, no cause i mean
no reason either
yea i saw on reddit
gets big brain rewards
big brain player
Happy birthday
fucking niglets 
take him back
pbe has hella login queue rn anyway
tomorrow
Diego 
how do i delete someone else's picture
how do i delete someone else's picture
anyone want to play a quick league game
skype also recommended "Are you high?"
Maybe you are
or all day probably since im gonna get fathers day out of the way saturday
hmm. i think im good for late sunday parsa
right?
saturday is fathers day
Here
tbh still better than gamer scent
if you smell any warhammer game its just sweaty BO and cheetos
if you see a piece of shit on the ground you dont have to taste it to tell its shit
warhammer total war 0/10
3k total war 10/10
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
thats fair
batting for the other side now as you do
youd know
Agreed.
2
you wont
get on and do it pussy
or pussy
roll
yea but do they have keanu reeves
gamer moment youtube
League auto chess. Riot doing valve dirty 
Agreed
shes donald trump, the wall bender
she bends the 3 classic elements of river, wall, and bush
did anyone look at qiyanas abilities
This is some feminazi shit from root
Why is the new champ splash in power bitch pose
shit like expensive or you actually hate the area
i like how close milo is and im not moving
actually you guys should find a place near here
even with christina and I both doing CS we were planning on living with one of our parents as all we can afford
sounds like its all fucked then
R I P
thats kinda gay
i mean im not expecting you people to be just average
and not 60
yea thats why i said 45
thats kind of low for starting actually
that is starting
thats like 93k a year
idk when theyre starting
at 45/hr its ~30 hours of work after tax so less than a week
tbh tho 3500/4 is 875 which isnt much each month
or faggots that only want 2 people
well you also have to check if they let 4 people in those places tho. some are legit 2 bedrooms that wont fit 2 people each
so you can rent their place in center ktown for cheap
you should find some old korean family and get in reallly good with them
and its like 3500 too
i have a shithole downtown apartment with 2 beds
?
mienkraft
What is yours?
Guess
what did he cuck you
idk actually i just never had good vibes with him
like a michaelangelo painting on a napkin
cause hes a fake
you did start hating him early tho
fuck if i know
cause thats when i began
before or after overwatch came out
which grade
who didnt at this point
so michael and parsa beefed ruben
yea ik
ty rito
skipped p3 to p1
probably 30% now
i was 27% wr at the start of my series
so thats a win-win-win
but it also keeps the out of society
an asylum does too
big brain
lleague good game
league
anyone
mars wont answer because mars is whipped
Just for me
good quiz by riot
finally
ask parsa im pretty sure he drew these
i hope we get another pve star guardian event for this line
I fucking love the lux yummi skins
So after the events of infinity war Thanos returned to his 'garden', that place that was visible in infinity war when he described what he'd do after he finished his work. The remaining Avengers decide to get revenge and take the fight to him. What they didn't expect though: When they arrived on that garden planet, they found Thanos completely nude. He decided to put up his armor as a scarecrow in the garden. He was cheerfully jacking it while watering the plants when the Avengers arrived. When I saw that scene in the cinema, I must say, I was shocked at the realism of Thanos' computer generated cock. Honestly, it was unreal. You could see his veins and shit on his cock. It looked so real, I almost thought it was my own - but Thanos' dick was huuuge. I mean I am not bad in that department but Thanos is just next level. The length of his cock was fucking insane. Whetever, lets continue. So then there is a flashback in which Black Panther gave Tony Stark the N-Word pass. After that scene finished, You see the Avengers approaching Thanos who is watering the plants with his cum. Tony Stark comes closer, closer, closer and whispers into Thanos' ear. The whole theater was dead silent during this scene. Stark whispers "guacamole nigga penis". Then Thanos cums again, but so much that he and all the Avengers drown in it. So beware of fake spoilers, bacause in the end all avengers are dead. Thanks for coming to my ted talk.
and a wandering arab trader guy
also witch hunting crossbows
damn minecraft has cats pandas and foxes now
yes
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
(yes)
come get me
im inside davids house
same
everyone is a nazi wizard
ww2 campaign
If anyone needs an apartment for the summer I'm subleasing my room for the summer. 1k for single or 600 for a double
What's your name?
milo they updated villages
F for blacksmith boys
minecraft update
aight boys you heard it
league is harry potter now
so hopefully its a nerf
he was pretty gross in pro play already
RIP the legend
interesting way of spelling autistic
at least diego is honest lul
oh shit we can see who voted for what
That one
Now you are
mars by the time we're in our 40s AI doctors will replace at least half of them
Skype has no response for that.
I want to see mars cap some children
Probably makes it ok
I mean there's also getting ~10k a month from rent
Apparently. Idc tho cause even shit cs jobs are 6 figures so I have my money
Nah she doesn't. Weirdly it's the same dynamic our parents have so its normal to us 
Also when our parents die we'd have 8-9 properties in sm and silicon valley so we wouldn't even have to work
Idk I like the life plan. Means I can spend a lot of time on not work stuff
my girl wants to work one of those really intense high paying careers tho so were set
feel. i want to just work a chill job for chill pay
i deserve 30 thats just industry standard goddamnit
but fuck i feel so jew'd
i guess at this point im ok with 20+
for .12 its not
idk if it was 12 full bitcoin trying to cheese a key recovery using your cell number might be worth
and i feel extremely ripped off
me too buddy. every place ive looked into is only offering ~25/hr
12 full is 60k
12 bitcoin or .12
its kind of the point of bitcoin
you dont unless you have the account's key
tragic laziness has betrayed me
i was more qualified too
fucking gay
im salty. the fucking intership christina got pays 30/hr so 240 a day. i was gonna apply but i forgot
even if it was week its still ouch
cause its 240 biweekly for 13 a week
thats actually 26 hours too
ikr
time to deal drugs
time to deal drugs
cause that sounds like ass
theres probably a world where you just take the time to do independent projects or clubs and shit to look better
jett is the job even worth it tho. what are they paying besides the benefit
capitalism as intended
especially my field. you can half ass an internship and sit around on your computer all day for more pay than most of america
and cash to burn on dumb shit
something to do in the summer
idk working is nice
today i learned
also apparently you can qualify for need based scholarships with parents earning half a million+ a year
jett you can just beg milo for money
i mean you can have rich parents and be poor if they dont like you and refuse to support you and give you money
and we all resort to peasant labor
when the economy dies
to fall back on
hey but just remember no matter how bad youre doing at least you have parent
its never going to appreciate you better just hope they dont depreciate too fast
why are you even discussing cars as a good investment you lose 20% of the value driving it off the lot
kapp
and i will definitely change things 
they should give me all their money so i can become one
the classist overlords have stifled the working class long enough
literally 2/3rds of america makes under 30/hr or smth
who has a steady income these days
we should already own it
no michael the trick is
probably more money than the antivax donation site
ez money
rent them out
we buy some houses by silicon valley
i thought of another way we can make fat passive income
we need the working class to rise up against our robot overlords
the big portion of jobs there already got automated
its like law
and the field will be way harder to get into
maybe its already passed too
were probably the last generation where medicine is a good field to go into
bold move
going into medicine
cause 300k total including med school and residency and all that isnt awful
if he gets in
300 for just undergrad or counting med school
those are very different
by a lot
premed != med
but i guess its really 400k/yr after college for 2
cause her parents income is 500k/yr
shes at least debt free
that sucks
which is unlucky
which i know cause apparently christina isnt on scholarship and pays full
thats like our semester price lul
for tuition price
32k/year is really good
nah the free money has to be worth more than whatever my parents are giving me and my inheritance or else "be poor" is a shit strat
yea but how much free money
cause after graduation im set
i was mostly thinking of some way to make some short term cash
doing 2 jobs is too much effort for upping my monthly income like 2k
or at least IM too lazy to do both
you cant do both
it would be. its a lot of effort and work
so doing this you'd have to be making a good bit more or its not worth it over a regular job
then after graduation youre looking at 10k a month
cause as interns you can make 4k a month
nah mars im talking about its not worth our time to do this
or its not worth any more
within like a year
but then as time goes on we would need to be making 10k a month
so at least 5k a month
see a venture worth doing would have to make more money than entry level intern
not the antivaxxers cause theyre vaccinated
listen their kids are dying
we have to target white supremacists or smth
the antivax market is too small
im just saying the best case kinda sucks
we're talking about a few hundred hours of work and having to make this work long term for the money interns make in 2 months
it gets decently big and only ~5 to split between
and thats best case
thats shit money
even passively
look the real problem is its at best 8k a person a year
gives the money to charities
have you ever used gofundme mars the person setting up the gofundme
for not enough money to make it work
even if its totally passive its like a few hundred hours of work to get going tho
we dont vet shit
i thought the idea was anyone can set up any fund for any reason
this may not be worth the time cause thats kinda shit pay
so this idea is like 8k at best every couple months
so apparently antivaxxer gofundmes were ~80k at most
and your cell for customer support
mars im gonna put your address
no physical service
since again we only offer a site
what stops us from just listing someones home address as the business place
i want you to understand
jett this company is literally never going to make a single cent
moving out to a different state is way more effort
yea i fuckin live here idc about the extra tax tbh
and we just rip off paypal and credit services api
like its not gonna be a heavy traffic site
my plan was we just run this shit out of a garage somewhere
why does it have to be in a different state wtf
laws are ruining this country
tbh id probably actually do this idea if it werent for the complicated legal shit of setting up a business. why cant it just be make a site and take the money
but im not 100%
im pretty sure its legal
and setting up a business
anyway the only part of this idea i cant do myself/with connor and christina is making sure its all legal
these are the dumbest people on earth
get all the antivaxxer's money
take 10% of donations
advertise it as a conspiracy support site
so we start a site that allows any cause to be donated to no matter how dangerous to society or unethical
gofundme just kicked off antivax causes
deadass i have a really good business idea
and either win big or lose
get drunk
we just go there place some autistic ass horse bets
we dont have to be into it 
aight real talk boys who wants to go gamble on horses in arcadia
Champagne
we should all play risk of rain 2
so im putting him back in
this bitch is probably a dirty mouth breather too
Indubitably.
I am just kidding
Definitely worth it
It's worth it
:)
(y)
:)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(smile)
My pleasure!
Verily.
I am definitely not
What's your name?
like 400+ sticks of it
i have a fuckton of sandalwood incense
900iq
not if you just wear a regular one and pretend
for authenticity
is this going to be done while wearing bathrobes textured like kimonos
ah i see
jasmine? sandalwood? lavender? fuckin indian incense like rohits home
what kind of incense are we talking about
also that sounds weirdly lit
the cups are usually bowls tho
(smile)
apparently this is the skull of a prehistoric whale but it looks like a retarded t-rex
wtf is trainspotting skype
Trainspotting
Oh okay, then
I am going to do it
I am considering it
milo what do you call that thing you put at the end of a sentence
i see
its not out tomorrow?
ill check with them
amc 7 like 11pm or smth
im going the friday of release with connor his gf and christina if you wanna see it with us
4
Pls
Nigger
Well, now I know
Then beach
I'm down to meet 1245 for lunch
Fair enough.
actually christina is going with me to sm. you guys cool if she comes?
otherwise ill find you after
i have smth at noon but ill be out at 1 if you guys want to do then
japan embraced the old ones and now they have tentacle hentai and heresy
Still worth it.
Fair enough.
Why do you ask?
My pleasure!
skype knows
like how david is just "racist" for me
accurate tbh
: )
imagine the kind of faggot that owns one
who would ever buy a minecraft bible lul
gj skype
but its also more accurate
they cut the "same" out
why tf is david's name just "racist" now
and now everyones name isnt same
fucking skype terrorists made me update
You are unbelievably gay
for trying to partake in league
you deserve to
omegalul
respecting women
parsa only one of us scored in the autism range on the empathy test
Edited previous message: mb I guess your autism carries through texxt
and I didn't understand what you were saying
mb I guess youre autism carries through texxt
cause that's retarded
are you calling japan developing
nationwide
and counters with a legal age of 13
japan laughs at your attempts at making reasonable age of consent characters
yea but like just call people weebs
so mars is dumb anyway
tbf theres no age of consent for drawings
and theres a lot
tbh
she is according to all the hentai ive seen
by some dumb kids with sharp shit in their pockets or smth
its kind of amazing more bouncy houses don't get popped
weirdly fitting autoresponse
are you sure its not for the kids
only if the local priest says its enough for god to forgive you
see you in hell bitch
lets go
aom vs 8 titan bots
pog
wow
you still play
fag
fuckin
why are you randomly posting pictures of some dude modelling
you racist fuck
your pass is invalid
mars isn't fully black
I am telling you
they hit us with the real switcheroo
brightest mountain
is now
darkest dugeon
Those scum
They hate and fear nothing
Fucking no ban players are the worst kind of degenerate
Agreed.
or that
because youre autistic?
cause his base skin ahs armor
that's really dumb
POG
base armor increased by 1?
I thought he was a decently big youtuber
and kys
type xd
if this is a relatable meme
same
aight fair
its 60
cause with the sale + dlc
yea but is civ 6 worth 60
is it worth 60
ok then how about this
this is some weasel ass answer shit
better or worse than 5
yea but like
I forget which ascension level it is that makes ? events worse but theyre dogshit anyway right
wtf
you took vampire and apparition
better or worse than 5
did you get the new dlc too
xd
also imagine one country full of cheesy bois being worth more than 3 continents
wtf
is it loading right to left then down to up
him
and the little jihadist behind hi
theres just the one nigger in a sea of white people
The battle royale special
Sounds bad
Thank you very much!
Give me a rating. Game looks like a 4 no lie
League legend better legend
No game is gay
Are we apex boys 
weebs reeeeeee
ty autoresponse
My eyes
That's what I thought
and realize we don't let dumb European opinions into the correct opinion zone
but what you should really see is the weird 'E' and 'U'
it means well done
apex dead game?
i got the ban button ready and everything
by typing
parsa youre walking real thin ice rn
or are all opinions we state correct
do we state correct opinions
that's fucking sad
but yea
even with the worlds shittiest start
not last
its ok i still didn't lose
by like the equivalent of lane minions
i got executed
and i wish i was joking
i lost to mega creeps round 3 of chess
I lost so many brain cells
pog
auto chess
league gay
fortnite bad
hitler
ea
hitler
Ea
hitler
EA
and I want to go back to circlejerking
this is bordering on discussion
remember the part where this is a circlejerk only chat
boxes
loot
loot boxes
mars
only circlejerking
no legitimate discussions in chat
apex is big gay. EA is literally hitler
chess
1v1 me
milo
maybe 4
I honestly haven't had it more than 3 times
milo chess
still shorter ques than league
somehow tho
its a rite of initiation
good meme
Imagine playing real dota when auto chess exists
you all need jesus
holy shit
what a deal
its only 240 mana
is that it
fcuk
like 3 days after I uninstalled
holy shit I just thought of a way to deal with all the Chinese people in league
yourself
kill
cancer
also 400 messages
wtf are you guys talking about
pog
artifact below 1000 concurrent players today
Would
youd probably viewbot it
if you had a dead game and a big event
when you creep block the creeps
i want to die
this was the first thing I saw in the morning
deadass fat as fuck dinosaur
phillip confirmed best player
if you play dota
but you cant be a chad
chad techies implies you play dota
graves is a no summoner spell champ
I literally use smite half as often on graves as every other jg
milo you say that but my end of season stats say
oof
and jinx buff
that vayne buff
riperino
hes a mage
comrade it is not you, it is US
to the gulag we go, comrade
new champ is demacian stalin
kms
I haven't had internet in like 2 days cause Im waiting on a hundred foot ethernet cable
Thanks again!
Okay thanks
Big yikes
Clap him
Clap him
How do I delete someone else's message
Happy new years you cucks
Happy new years you cucks
as if id ever play that shit series again lu
l
he does he tried t o get me to play it
dank
the titans campaign or the basic one
sounds like a fucking good fiesta
now that
see on steam you want terraria
miles I uh
and its fucking awful
I finally found the source of the im already tracer meme
merry crimbus boys
did someone say aoe2 hd
also 1/8 doesn't mean much cause brand picks up a lot of assists and cs
that's how we won a game that one time lol
and with tools to induce laughter
involving people dressed in makeup
that sounds like quite the fiesta
me suicide bomber
me want isis
jett parsa and milo all have it I think
after Christmas im down to play aom
fuckin weeb
are you guys doing anything for christma
hmm
5 &lt; 4 &lt; 3 &lt; 2 &lt; 1
xd
but I cant anyway cause I have parties and family stuff til after christmas
the irony is ive been messaging milo q
Q
l9 as fuck boi
digusting 4fun player in a 4fun region kills his support
I can try
but he answers diego within an hour
and he hasn't answered me
ive fucking message milo q for like a week
and lets just say india is being really needy recently
where do you nuke and why
ok say you have 3 nukes you can send anywhere
but also yes
pepehands no
im in santa monica
aren't you in hong kong
n a t h a n
it be
Anyone on third yet
tru
nope
nah im just not used to miles putting out a real plan
is that the plan?
same
oh lit
who got 11
so are you guys doing anything before
ill just take 10 and if there aren't any central seats ill trade someone
unless theres not that many going
so you guys can get more center seats
i may take 7
whos going
i could
and he picked 8 off center lol
mars had all of B row to pick
i deadass could see it again
fuck I was memeing but it was so good
mars ill take b9 and we'll have the couch together ;)
The front rows at the seven aren't that close to the screen I think
are you guys gonna get food or anything or just play smash beforehand
she just wanted to stay and do stuff
she lives by san fran and just kept rescheduling her flight
rip food budget for the month
staying like 5 days
cause of the girl
is cause ive spent way too much in the last week
lol the only reason I wasn't gonna
idk yet. Ive seen it but I wanna hang out
I don't want the neighbors to judge me
but go there
I was gonna say the same
So do you
Why not?
also ww 2 ad lul
that's a lot of adc buffs for a not-patch patch
"we cant log you in because you may be offline"
wait is anyone elses league offline
me like spooderman
better play league while you can
feelsbadaman
is the sentencing next week
damb
every other role knows the feeling already
most adc players just aren't used to not being the center of attention and having games that are unwinnable
"Normally, an ADC’s role is to carry the mid to late game. If the upper lanes ‘explode’, we simply have to lose. (laughs) I’m going to trust my upper laners."
its just not better adc stomps the game now
that's the balance teams opinion though and we all know theyre dogshit. the real top players who main the role agree its in a fine spot. mages are viable enough to sometimes show up bot on kr challenger games but real adcs are still meta and still the focus of the game
its just balanced
as I fucking said
adc not a meme
Here's a quick look at the current role diversity of the top 100 of the KR solo queue ladder, it's very similar to Season 8 overall with a slight rise in Mid laners:

21 Top mains

21 Jungle mains

19 Mid mains

18 ADC mains

18 Support mains

The 3 remaining players were playing multiple roles consistently and/or didn't play a large number of games with any champion.
@parsa play league bitch
on
get
team
hey fuckers
even tho the main guy is brown
like actually
it was really fucking good
aww milo misses you
interesting footnote
 me as a local I know how it works and try no to ask for help wish is very sad but the reality of today's society.  Note: but let's  increase the fees and keep the working families out of the parks very sorry.
what a fucking clown
but also it was by Sandeep devmurari
well there was only supposed to be one star full
★★★★★ a month ago
I had not visited this park
yea fuck yosemite
They take your money only to have the waterfalls turned off, I asked to speak to a manager, they lied and told me there wasn't any. Awful. When I asked where the food is sold to feed the animals they told me it was against the rules. They just let the animals go hungry!! SO SAD!
are a special kind of retarded
and national parks
people who leave 1 star reviews on oceans
It was ok I suppose. A but too wet though. I didn't see any sharks from the boat. There was no WiFi and it was just sea everywhere. No whales either.
I wish I were dead.
this is a real big brained human
There's an awesome little zoo in my hometown that's 100% free. They keep mostly rehabilitated local wildlife that can't be released and work hard to provide them with natural habitat and a quality life. They've been consistently expanding and improving this zoo since before I was born and have never charged admission.

Someone complained that they went in July and it was too hot and the animals seemed uncomfortable. In their natural habitat. With optional shelter that they'd chosen not to use.
prophet michael
who saw that one coming
wow
nah sanderson already said he doesn't want to touch asoif
its not on him
so that if/when its not as good
and just have someone else finish the series
grrm is just waiting to die like Robert jordan
even rothfuss is faster
and don't write once they've achieved it
yea i guess im biased against shitty authors that just milk fame and money
fucking play some league
anyway
is fucking dumb
averaging one book every 4 and a half years
^
like if you look at other series there is still conflict at the end of a book that the characters will need to deal with but at least for that moment they've won and if you stopped there youd be reasonably satisfied with the ending
conflict is fine but the way he places it in the books feels like its to force you to continue into the next
and either forces the reader to buy the next book or be left with that unsatisfied feeling
because it doesn't give you room to build them back up or anything
i feel like at no point will you understand that its literally about the fact that its unsatisfying storytelling when you tear down the character at the END of a book instead of in the center like usual
that just reeks of trying to get you to buy the next book
and its left with a cliffhanger
and then she loses everything
danaerys actually has it going on, shits getting better for her right up to the end
and pretty much every book but as an example the first one
not poorly just in a way that isn't satisfying and doesn't make you want to continue
DwD
buy my next book fucker
everything goes to hell
then boom
problems begin to get solved and theres consequences and shit
problems exist
his formula is just
and it just never does
you kind of just read it like "well theres no way it can get worse, it has to get better from here on"
also because as of right now none of the books have endings that are truly satisfying
and never resolve them well
whos able to open up complicated plots
because hes a dogshit writer
but its pretty clear hes struggling like a motherfucker to conclude it
got isn't even done
i was critiquing him as an author based on the fact he sucks at concluding his books
i mean this is the man who made a book about vampires conclude with the epic battle of...staring into each others eyes menacingly
so that his legacy isn't tarnished by his inability to write
so hes riding the money and hoping to die and let someone else finish it
and is now in a corner he cant get out of easily
its pretty clear from that that he didn't plan it all the way through
so now he has to untangle every loose end within them
and promised it would be 7 books
cause he wrote himself into such a clusterfuck
yea hes only taken 2 decades to wrap it up
it immediately comes to mind when i think of shitty story endings
its conclusion was so fucking bad
fevre dream
good build up just to be disappointed at the end
like if you read his other works they suffer from the same problem
and when it does conclude its a far lower quality than the beginning
then takes ages to do so
but also his bigger problem as a writer is he writes himself into situations he cant conclude
he just added 2 factions
its literally called the War of the Five Kings
and copying
theres a difference between adapting
yet worse than either
blended into one
because its almost a blatant ripoff of two sources
ive already been over the literary reasons i don't like it with you
than a lot of their povs
has a better protagonist
a biography about hitler
to the point where you want to skip some of their chapters
its that every character is literally unbearable
parsa idk if youre retarded or what but the point isn't that having multiple perspectives and characterizations sucks
and plot armored to hell
but just kinda lame
not really mary sue
sansa survives through a lot that she probably shouldn't and a lot of people are interested in her and help her out for no real reason
and a cowardly bitch
sansa is somehow both a mary sue
i really like a hundred pages of drudge for the moment or two worth reading
its like man do I read asshole X Y Z and W's chapters so I can get a little bit of side character C that is somewhat likeable
not having any protagonists
and then theres having a full cast of characters that are impossible to root for
theres having good and realistic characters that just aren't likeable because not all people are
it also has really unlikable characters
so it makes the books look better
show was just worse
books were shit too
you don't need anything more than that
[7:05:08 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: game of thrones has sucked

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
or ever
for fuckin days
you wont come down
get the drunkest you've ever been while on shrooms
kms
its winter break
after ten thousand years
spam this dance to summon chance
spam this semi to summon gemi
leg
fuck you
?
league
parsa yes
parsa get in here
tim
leg
c s g omegalul
you dont
and its just your free time you were gonna spend on other stuff
if you aren't skipping work to play
yea but you pay nothing for it
and their quests
do the tavern brawl a week
people who just play casual with meme decks from the cards they have
compared to draft modes impossibility to go infinite
makes it a lot more fair
but the ability to go infinite in arena in hs
hearthstone its just hard
artifact you have to in order to get cards and make a competitive deck
you don't have to though
[11:33:29 AM] Miles O'Brien: You end up paying more
You just don't realize it

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
professional coinflipper btw
50% to go face
no matter how much you play/win casuals
unless they changed it recently artifact you have to pay to get any card
hearthstone you can eventually get all cards as f2p
league
boys
my sleep schedule suck
holy shit I literally just woke
good your shop riot
until sat
miterms over
god bless
fuck me i guess im playing after finals
prestige akali for 1800 winter tokens
so its more cerebral
because they don't just give it to you
you get to try to figure out whats what
dude that's part of the fun
and i really like their dull muted color scheme
i really like watching people slowly turn and try to run from the melee auto attacker chasing them
cause you know
but the actual graphics of it is lame af
i mean the plays can be ok
cause at least its not boring
actually id rather do that
watching dota is like pulling your fingernails off
overwatch season 1 coin flip meta
pog
competitive coin flipper
meta
yogg
so its safe
she left for Taiwan with her phd student and the dean of our department tho
that's why i don't really like going home recently
ik
the best of plans
and sell
his current plan is argue until she caves
and my mom thinks the money is worth it
honestly it just comes down to dad doesn't want to deal with tenants for such a small amount of money
and its already more than double what we bought it at
yea but some quick cash now is nice
its just an apartment
and its not like were selling one of the houses
its really shit passive income
but my mom isnt
im totally on board with the payout of selling it
which kinda isn't worth the hassle imo
its like a 3k monthly payment but after taxes and maintainence its only turning like 1200 ish profit
trust me ik
its a shitty fuckin apartment
not in this case
idk i haven't really listened to them
or is gonna be
and rent control is a thing
cause by renting it out you barely make money cause of maintainence and shit
and so theyre divided on if its better to sell it and invest in other stuff
but its at like 800k-900k rn
that's whats going on with it rn
and i kinda want to just yoink it
but at the same time it might
and its not totally out there that a shitty 2 bedroom apartment next to an alley wont appreciate higher than now
tbf rn it is just a housing boom from the fuckin chinese
and its really aids
but my mom wants to just hold it cause she thinks its going to rise higher
and wants to sell our condo
cause my dad thinks the housing market is gonna go down
actually my parents have been beefing it out
just invest in santa monica housing 4head
yea but that's a long time from now
like two months ago or smth
they just released cod
i mean tbh tho its not the worst
lul
you buy now and then they crash again
its actually pretty much half of what it was 4 months ago
peaked october
mars theyre down on the year
that's what i wanted
the lore and story until the end of wrath
turned boring so fast
its just bfa
even now the old school content is so good
fuck you wow was so fuckin good for 3 expansions
they can eat my ass
idc about the money
fuck what they did to wow
activision suck
a lot would just buy it and no dlc
just a few people wouldn't buy the game cause theres too much dlc
you don't lose much either
$$$$$$$$$$
and everything new
keep the roster from 4 free
should've made more of the characters dlc tho
i like that
oh shit 25$ on release dlc
but whatever
it should be higher
yea but if people know this
why tf is their stock so low
wait they did
oof
throw in a "pre order bonus"
nah drop that fuckin on release paid dlc
easy quarter
boom
or online in general
pay to play competitive mode
fuckin items
smash stages
just dlc microtransaction smash characters
fuck that that costs money
either way they need to get their shit together
idk
which i think was eevee?
it peaked the 8th
i would've around a month ago
it dropped like the last few days
no
on the games they could easily do so with
by refusing to turn a profit
and theyre kinda fucking me
sure but i have money in there now
so i can get some fucking money
so yea i do want to see them monetize smash better
ever since feb
its been going down the last half year
is good
and stock values going up
i don't care about the game at all
kind of
to make money
for a more viable and casual competitive
and that Nintendo is better off ditching its hardcore players
just that we aren't really the target audience for most games any more
i didn't say you had to
like fifa
and people like us don't care but a casual market will eat it up
and turns a profit
like apples new phones every year
and just creates shitty yearly versions of it
cause the more likely scenario is someone takes over
or it wont matter to anyone
it wont matter to you
or has it just become a money grabbing machine
and has apple made anything near as innovative as the iPhone
he died
hey milo
steve jobs probably knows a thing or two about tech
just throwing it out there
It turns out the same thing can happen in technology companies that get monopolies, like IBM or Xerox. If you were a product person at IBM or Xerox, so you make a better copier or computer. So what? When you have monopoly market share, the company's not any more successful.
So the people that can make the company more successful are sales and marketing people, and they end up running the companies. And the product people get driven out of the decision making forums, and the companies forget what it means to make great products. The product sensibility and the product genius that brought them to that monopolistic position gets rotted out by people running these companies that have no conception of a good product versus a bad product.

They have no conception of the craftsmanship that's required to take a good idea and turn it into a good product. And they really have no feeling in their hearts, usually, about wanting to really help the customers.
todays indie startups that make a great game will eventually have their passionate leaders leave and be replaced by corporate machines
fine, they wont exist from big AAA studios
but its gonna be smaller and smaller
theres always a sect of people who just love to make good games
they'll probably exist yea
and the ability to attract a few whales
you just have to make one with a lot of juice effects
see you don't need to make a good game
is going to be a billion dollar game
and are totally fine with micro transactions
a $6 dollar mobile game that caters to a huge portion of china that loves diable
and its a reskin of a different shitty mobile
diablo immortal is going to be a billion dollar game
theres like 50 clash of clans games
summoners war is a billion dollar game
like mobiles
and you get hired based on your ability to produce games that make money
making a good game is second to getting a job
its how the field is taught
its just how it goes
but you can see it in blizzard. they lost their old producers and now they suck
yea cause theyre the ones that care about decent games
nobody here cares about making a good game
Michael its literally my major
and the next gen of game creators is pretty bleak
eventually the people who care about making good games will die
there was a bit of truth tho
im reaaaaaally bored
and ive been writing cheat sheets or taking a midterm since 9am
idk i thought itd trigger mars or smth
and they don't hate that
but its pretty evident in recent years the biggest gaming market is asia
that's true
making characters paid microtransactions
yes but in this case theyre probably losing money because of it
they still exist to create ever increasing profit
stakeholder shareholder
like it fucking should
will finally exist
and the 4fun item competitive mode
or whatever will be out
or maps
probably with paid dlc characters
also itll still be relevant cause ill be right and a completely 4fun smash game
the future of gaming is just microtransactions catered to everyone instead of "gamers"
and people like me will move on into the field
eventually him and his generation will die
neither will last forever
but hey
or as long as Nintendos quarterly is still positive
yea as long as sakurai lives
and ea
but eventually every company is going to go the way of blizzard
yea and that's probably what Nintendo will keep doing for a while
theyre gonna do it
if you can make better money by fucking them and cash grabbing the casuals
the managers dont
the engineers dont
the business people dont
doesn't give a fuck about them
almost everyone in charge of actual game production
and honestly the people that care about making a good smash game and the fans are rare
and they'll need to monetize better
but eventually reality is going to hit them
Nintendo is just slow to catch up because theyre still turning up money in other ways
and your company goes down
otherwise shareholders leave
that's false because capitalism demands you always increase earnings
the shareholders don't give a shit about the game
Edited previous message: the shareholders want money
the shareholders want monoey
the shareholders own the company
think of it this way
do you know how capitalism works
its literally the moral duty of a company to do all it can to increase its value for shareholders
no the existence of any company is to make money
the reason companies exist
that's literally
and youll have a viable competitive scene
just give the fuckin masses what they want
do you see a pattern here
not if the gameplay is deep and cerebral
if it is popular
the scene is viable
mars
smash has like barely one of those
flashy effects
rng
easy to follow gameplay
it makes shit interesting
people like rng
hearthstone is stupid brainless rng and it makes blizzard money
and a lot of people watch it
cause it makes riot money
its a good fucking scene
and you know what
league has shitty rng and solved gameplay and small viable champ pools
if people don't want to watch it
objectively the mechanics can be fine but your scene is shit
and a small playerbase
no the problem with its competitive scene is nobody watches it and therefore it has tiny prize pools
theyd probably increase viewership too
if they just disable online competitive without items
also
itll just piss off a few neckbeard fucks
its really simple
if they want viewers there which im sure they do
online comp isn't the official competitive scene
like you sponsor tournaments with double the payout
and force them to accept items or move on to a different game
the smart business decision imo is definitely to just crack down on the scene
but they choose not to
they have the power to say fuck you competitive now has items
see that's just a company decision
for like the 95% of the casual fans
cause then itd actually be worth watching
they should just add items to competitive smash
or it will never have great numbers
the problem with competitive mode in a game with multiple mode is it has to be the main game mode
and want a competitive mode
very few players play exclusively aram
numbers wise its probably around 1%
competitive aram when
i mean
will still gravitate to items and away from comp
and therefore the majority of players which are casual
i don't think any kind of gameplay changes will ever make smash more fun without items
and cheese maps
nah the vast majority of players will still just be playing 4fun with items
and your prize pools will be small cause the scene doesn't relate to the majority of players
and therefore your competitive playerbase is small
and so less people want to play competitive mode
the problem with disabling features for competitive is its then by nature less fun
no theres rift and aram
yea but leagues 4fun mode disables features
as long as we disable half the features
5fun games are the future of competitive games
and just prayed to win
and no deck has ever just cast spells and played said card
at no point ever was a pure rng card literally tournament winning
and that has a thriving and interesting competitive scene that hasn't been ruined by its 4fun card design
hearthstone
sounds like
I mean its a competitive game but its also a 4fun4 party game
its genius
in fact, the top players will fly out for 15k prizes so we can jew tournaments out
will be like 50k
and itll be so competitive in fact, that the largest prize pool of all time
lets make a competitive childrens fighting game instead
competitive childrens card game sucks
competitive childrens party game POG
childrens party game POG
fuck you im a wow streamer now
hmm
and riot says my past is the lowest
so I hit the highest of you monkeys
to d4
considering riot just gifted you a boost
milo you may have 1 and 4 backwards
you cant write consistent code to save your life
fuck you riot this is why people quit
and mine is unranked
also why does the client tell me milos past highest rank is d1
jake is gay
lul
also just play A b s o l v e r
or 12
are you black
pog
my apartment no longer smells like cockroach poison and insect repellent
when it happened
their cc chain was nuts
nah blitz fucked us
and I think its the first one
its gotta be one of the 3
blitz
or hes a d4 player and im like p2 supp
or hes a challenger/master player still and im somehow a god supp
logically hes either a d2 player and I play support at like a d4/d3 level cause he laned a bit better but lost on roams
it is when hes playing vs a plat adc
tbh tho hes the first player we've faced in a hot minute that didn't get dicked in a fair lane
legit d2 player

HMMMMMMMMM
scarra was talking about how the first time people play with him
theyre all starstuck
then the next game theyre just like
"why are you 0/7 you fucknig feeder"
pretty much what we experience
but the first game instead
you guys should play a game of league rq
why would you do that
gdi parsa
eventually
my internet has to come back
milo play some league
cool
my internets out
jk
a game or two
anyone league
literally just bad shen ulti now
yikes they got rid of galio damage reduction on r
Michael I didn't know you went on 4chan
pog
not role hogging
game winning play right here
who isn't an autist these days
autism speaks
is trying to manufacture more girls
pretty sure china
that shit doesn't grow on trees dude
syrup tho
its not worth the effort
white girls are a dime a dozen
were just in it for the money
leave the whites where they are
hell no
we should just take their syrup
why would you want white women
we should invade canada
the cheapest and easiest
no i think that we should stick to one method
to save costs
i think that instead of lethal injection prisoners should be shot
and universally
i think it should be used more
I do believe in it
lul
ended up less liberal
took it slower and more thoughtfully
Economic Left/Right: 2.13 
Social Libertarian/Authoritarian: 0.36
but its just the client being dumb
and youre like shit am I banned again
and hear notifications sounds
you guys ever log into league
its like arguing with anti vaxxers
see, nobody wants to argue that because its a moot point
nobody but theres an easier way
jury gay
how about we just play league
and youll be set
either the judge or the lawyer will kick your ass off the jury so fast
and therefore are probable to vote innocent on a guilty man if you think he doesn't deserve it or visa versa
aka youre either racist or know its not illegal to vote against what you think based on evidence
literally all you have to do is say you possess beliefs that would prevent you from making a decision STRICTLY based off evidence
3. still perjury
2. that's perjury
you aren't missing classes on new years eve
as long as you know about what jury nullification is
yea but no lawyer will ever want you on the jury
or that you plan on jury nullification
just tell them youre racist or smth
hahahaha get fucked
and theres full left
theres left leaning
so youre the real fucking liberal
was hoping for right in the center
feelsbadman
Your Political Compass
Economic Left/Right: 1.38 
Social Libertarian/Authoritarian: -0.82
Your Political Compass
Economic Left/Right: 1.38 
Social Libertarian/Authoritarian: -0.82
gods just tryna fix his mistakes man
but its usually indians
its like Indians and sometimes fat hairy white guys
I had that typed before you even said anything
l u l
just indians
trust me you really want to go into that lobby rn
bitch what
so Michael and i are just sitting in his voice
mars is in lobby and afk
milo get on league
i thought it was her q
I just couldn't remember her e was her e
FUCKING TRISTANA
its not triggerseed
what
and explodes
pauses
what the fuck ability ticks down
who the fuck
also has a ton of wind after their q
and it doesn't tick faster and faster like this
only jhin trap is on e tho
someone has a time bomb on e
is real cancer
no asol
reeeeeeeeee
top laners
but fucking shit
a lot are super easy
what are you on
also im on 16
who knows what olaf sounds like tbf
I hate top laners
gdi
gangplank
and basically the heal sound on w
or more like pow pow BOOM
pow pow POW...3x
3 shots
pause
rn im on someone that's ult sounds like 3 gunshots
it was tahm
but its not cho
and an ult that sounds like its devouring someone
whos got a whip sound on q
I was talking about j4
its a spear
hes not drawing it
its jarvan
I thought yasuo was the only champ that drew his sword withq
when its not cleaving your face in
that sounds so different
wtf
that lasts a while
t
whos got a spinning sound on their ult
idk this shit
its all fucking bruisers
I keep getting the weirdest ones
alistar does
alistar
who the fuck has demolish on e
the w sounds like malphite e but its not
and thumps on q w
and like a roar on the ult
after some delay
dude idk wtf has an e that keeps getting louder and louder
hard
this shit
sat 8
wut
just pick a fucking time
which day on the weekend
or the bookshelf molestor
youll be known as either the puzzle god
that's the spicy part
just have milo eat some pizza first
fuckin nitendo
regardless of win loss
also everyone being locked together sounds spicy af
the average time to find the problem goes down
that's true but with enough people
I believe in us to not be apes
well we're gonna win this time
or league rn
do you guys want to do an escape room some time
that is an absolute unit of a monkey
parsa_irl
anyone for league with me and mars
Destroying libtards with FACTS and LOGIC
it just knows parsa is a goddamn furry
hold on its not trying to push shit
riot please, d5-&gt;p1 thanks
i could've sat d5 and auto promoted lmao
whyd I play ranked
wtf
wait
not in my Christian chat
hmm
jews and divinity
im not sure you understood divinity there buddy
so I guess im changing majors to becoming talos
also apparently you can get a master's degree in divinity
yikes
imagine playing artifact lul
darkest dungeon mod with goofy announcer when
is multiclassing into Nazi even allowed
what if you volunteer mod /pol
Isn't that just A Way Out
&gt;git error: "good" not found
&gt;git pull "good"
should I adapt to the preseason? No, it must be the game that sucks
6 losses too
oof
unplayable btw
7 games today
fuckin xayah/sivir freelo
where you just get fat stacks off tower
I just want to play bot with milo and do the degenerate hard shove thing
and go to wahlburger
come to the village
not unless you guys wanna come out to downtown lol
its preseason time
hell no
feelsbadman
you only get one at discount tho
its got 2 out
recently very positive
overall mixed reviews
so I was considering it
its like 75% off
rip
1-10
how is civ 6
if its 15 ill get it
oh wait no they got rid of the improved burn on talisman
I think?
also jg wants the hp
to one fifth
or did it go from like half the turret hp on a charge
did they buff herald too
but my patcher is stuck on 52.8/53.1 MB
I just want to try my degenerate graves tower killing strat
so...fuck you too riot
preseason patch just hit
then again
do you really think valve knows what theyre doing
I guess we're hearthstone now
that shit dumb
how tf are you ever gonna see the back lol
oh wait the icons there
that they said would be in loading screen
and icon
and your ranked armor
wheres the banners
axed half of SKT to save faker
Kkoma is Thanos confirmed
back to silver for you
also the on hit is gutted
that's such a weird combo
and attack speed
who the hell wants armor pen
all the goddamn time
fucking guinsoos nerfs
must be furry
her lore has the word vastaya in it
idk
im tryna fit into our new world furry league
dude riots trying to lock down the furry crowd
and furry shit all over them
then suddenly XD IT WAS ME NEEKO UWU GET ONE SHOT UWU
channel
so you can pick your tank mundo or smth and run in
only q and e
is that her ult channel doesn't break her shapeshift
the only cancer i can see
actually making fair abilities on a new champ
gj rito
yea her w isn't cancer at all
she goes invis half a second
but walks
is just wukong w
wait her w
so actually she has potential
her w has a 3 hit passive
unless her q is like a 3s cd
she doesn't have the dps
theres no way she can jg tho
milo its a new age mage support
is pretty nuts
that bush control
i think she has potential as a support lol
cause youll almost never hit multiple with something that slow
yea
e
so its pretty much a low damage skillshot
and its damage wasn't great on first hit
it looks like it does more damage the more champs it hits
i actually think that w sucks
than the teaser
im more ok with her kit after seeing it
is fucking LONG
also her ult channel time
yea im not sure her kit is inherently as cancer as like zoe or aatrox or pyke
except her engage distance is limited by walls unlike him
yea you just play around her like an amumu lol
but only really short distances
and she can sneak in
cause that ult is fat
it feels like a champ that relieis on the enemy team not communicating
idk
so
but it only walks in a straight line
and on-demand lb clone
new
which isn't anything hew
big aoe ult
q e
e
skillshot damage on q and w
tbh her kit doesn't actually seem that cancer
the q is just a zilean bomb kinda
im watching it
like the page with the abilities listed
where
also you haven't seen the actual kit yet
i think that's less weird
dude I was painting maps at 4am
I got up like 4 times last night
me cause its hot af
I woke up and went back to sleep
wtf it was 2 am
I called this shit
[2:52:51 AM] Eric Huang: New champ is going to be a girl with a lizard tail
I had the surest dream
Fucking purple girl with a lizard tail straight outta some hentai

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
RISE UP
HEY FELLOW GAMERS
hey team
what
GGS FAKER INC
PAID BY STEVE
chameleon rubrik hype
twitch chat misplays in hs
I mean its not super complex either but its twitch chat
so nobody entertaining will want to stream it
so they wont and then wont watch
also like 90% of people wont know whats happening cause they cant play the tutorial unless they spend 20
but half the time I just watch hearthstone while doing other stuff and just listen to the voices and you can tell whats going on off that
I like watching it too when youre full on invested in the stream
so hearthstone gets to live another year or two until the next card game
and on the viewing side most people agree that it sucks
its also the most popular post of all time
this post basically sums it up
so now to play draft you literally have to spend a dollar each time
and then they axed casual draft
like the most hyped mode was draft
which sucks ass
without paying
but you literally cant get cards and basically cant play the game
and random positioning
the random attacks are kinda cancer
tbh the rng is fine its a card game and all
and whatever you got in your starter packs
so if you don't pay you just play casual constructed with premade decks
and you cant play draft in casual either
casual doesn't reward cards
and you can only win packs through pay2play modes
you can only buy cards on the market or through packs
no
can virgil save us from pay2pay2play
can virgil save artifact
since no mans sky
the fastest dumpster fire on a game going public
its literally rng what your shit attacks wtf
fucking shit artifact has SO MUCH rng
they didn't get rid of rng dependence at all
artifact is just hearthstone but complicated
are yall playing that A r t I f a c t
reformed b aby
2
HONOR @
ALSO WE DID IT BOYS
its good but imo tsujita and shinsengume are better
mars daikokuya is on sawtelle too
idk dunkey made a whole video roasting the story
which is why fallout 76 looks like shit even when its got an engine about as old as red dead
meaning they cant handle stuff like ray tracing or lighting or even detailed texture mapping
you know that Bethesda has notoriously poorly optimized engines
doesn't hair reach a max length though
its long as fuck
I cant even tell if its shorter
like full feminine pull all the tangles out lul
either way your hair is way more styled in hs
a jett
pulling
and making it deep for the camera
or maybe you were pulling a jett
it doesn't lol
just live ones
recording and playback software
which are by definition
both through league voice and skype
normally
no it sounds different and higher
dude why was your voice deeper
you just looked younger
omegalul
also young mars
wtf
theres so many of utis snapchats in here
fucking what
but they choose to do so?
clearly skype can save and recognize png without reformatting
its saved as png
but when you download pictures someone sends you off skype
also why are they saved in png format
but the pictures are ones I sent
no theres videos here that I didn't send
memory bloat
what the fuck is this
was it that fire emblem girl
ርዐዪዪቿርፕ ፕዐዐፕዘየልነፕቿ ልየየረጎርልፕጎዐክ
I didn't see their players shirts
idk
Fucking yikes 
Half the team isn’t even diamond
D4 mid player
So their highest ranked player is Bestty
I could do so much better 
Our jg is inting on camille
Ye 
See if they’re streamling and opgg them for me rq
I think so tho
Idk. I need to get closer to see their Igns
Kms
There’s a live Usc UCLA league match on campus
weren't you going to buy that game
There’s a premade in my botlane and I don’t know what to do.

They’re playing Sivir Karma and they're already 0-2.

The Karma’s Using ult wrong and she keeps on missing Q

The Sivir cant farm properly but she says shes diamond 2

There’s a premade in my botlane and they don't want to stay

And our midlaner keeps telling them to die and go away

But premade in my botlane just before you go...

Why were going 0-2?

I really want to know.

There’s a Rengar in my Jungle and I don’t know what to do.

He’s ganked our midlane and he’s about to kill amumu

There’s a Rengar in my Jungle and I don’t know what to do.

He already got his blue buff and he’s about to take ours too.

There’s a Rengar in my Jungle and I don’t know what to do.

He’s even dived our tower so thats why were 0-2...

Oh premade in my botlane now I do know what to do.

I’ll fight to save your tower and I’ll stop you losing blue.

I’ll try and win top lane so others can fight too.

Oh premade in my botlane I swear it on the stars

The Nexus’s not yet taken and I’ll make sure it’s not ours.
I love music
I know you are
Fair enough.
I am sorry too
fucking normie memes
good use of your time
go all the way there and get paid nothing
omegalul
of the year
biggest Camille nerf
now its big gay
it was her good chroma
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
have you done
what the fuck
riot
this is the only thing parsa will ever win
give in
mars
tryna force his dumb memes upon us
Michael is the dude in the gif
did we
uh
get real
not doing the stranger
pfft
10/10
haHAA
the scroll of truth
ive found it
get it out of my chat
that's a 3d thot
is this a potato
is that thing
what the fuck
ecksdee
if you smash and still find them average
also that's one hell of a roast lol
why tf do you have to specify willing
was it with the person drawn
we're having an inquisition
call the board of directors
over his virginity loss
are you holding a fucking senate hearing
the word is thot now
milo its 2018 you cant call women "it" anymore
hahahahahah
before milo
hahahahahhaha
lmao you thought youd get laid
weird flex but ok
I get ranked rewards after all
omegaLUL
omegaLUL
youd have heard it
well if you hadn't muted me in the first place
but nobody dodged
its like a game of chicken
hey these other 2 didn't stop me from quing
monkaHmm
cause he has me muted
he just wasn't listening
no I did
ill add you back
I said that if you unmute me
that was a quality game
nah it was fun af
ecksdee
don't do shit
while your troll ass lissandra and xayah
imagine being a maokai and doing 50k damage
and get in
get on
n i g g e r
you can flame now
its ok the seasons over
no
call the group
how about you just dont
hey buddy
herald needs a large buff or drakes need a nerf
but as it is you still don't get enough out of playing top compared to bot
herald is a dogshit objective meant to make top more appealing to play on before 20 cause otherwise theres no reason to not be bottom
and you get a dragon too
which you can achieve by ganking bot and 3 manning the tower down
half the times its just 1-2k tower damage
and literally cant auto attack it at any point
herald only ends the game at 15 if youre behind as shit
wtf
wait did someone say herald is OVERpowered
also we should find a consistent time
yea I guess im commited to degeneracy
oof
3 hours of gay shit and chester turned sachael into a degenerate
we should just do roughly 3-4
also yea I was burned out after like 3 hours
Douse the Flame of Hope: It is not enough to merely defeat an enemy in battle. Your victory must be so overwhelming that your enemies' will to fight is shattered forever. A blade can end a life. Fear can end an empire.
Rule with an Iron Fist: Once you have conquered, tolerate no dissent. Your word is law. Those who obey it shall be favored. Those who defy it shall be punished as an example to all who might follow. 
Strength Above All: You shall rule until a stronger one arises. Then you must grow mightier and meet the challenge, or fall to your own ruin.
your tenets are actually pretty evil to begin with
eh oath of conquest doesn't matter for alignment
im got stuff to do and this doesn't matter to me
change it
sure
but since his intent was to do good hes not going to view himself as evil
he sees himself as good and acts as "good" when in reality its borderline evil
i made his sheet in his perspective
so i put his alignment as good
you said it right there he sees himself as good
we literally only disagree on how good is judged
i already agreed
like
ok so change my alignment then
we had a majority that said he should die
if you see fit
and i agreed enough to say you can change it
because neither of us is actually listening to the other
we went off the rails enough so ill just roll with anything
change it
whatever
ok
if any of you want to confront him about it that's your choice
hes just going to continue to do what he thinks is right
hes not going to fall on his sword though because of his choices
but because you can only see things from your own perspective
yea and if he were to see himself from a different perspective hed probably think hes evil as well
change it to whatever you want
because he put everyone in danger repeatedly but hey
idc enough anymore
change the alignment to whatever
must be hitler
well shit
good
and did questionable things with the intention of doing goo
man, a nobleman who is used to being the absolute authority made a snap judgement that turns out wasn't perfect
did they declare war on us?
like if muslims in Iraq pary for a storm and a storm hits the US
are not a declaration of war
forces of nature that act in response to prayer
worshipping is not a declaration of war
summoning a kraken isn't an act of war
because we already knew at that point the lizards planned genocide
all he wanted to do was stop a genocide
basically youre looking at it from an objective standpoint and not the viewpoint of intentions
he just didn't have all the information
no he had been given information and formed a conclusion
does that make you evil to make assumptions though
also by source hes closest to lawful neutral. has a personal code but it doesn't swing particularly good or evil
it was to exterminate a village
it wasn't asking us to defeat their warriors
and "all"
it is genocide when you use the words "exterminate"
yes because "we should ally with them to avoid genocide" wont fly with you people
depends if you look at it as intent matters or results matters
the pygmies are only trying to reclaim whats theirs
the lizards went to the pygmies home and planned to kill them all
they only wanted the lizards off THEIR home
yea but they said the lizards had a different home
yes but the lizards clearly stated they planned genocide
and your race isn't going extinct
you weren't in huge danger
i would
yes
lets go kill some pygmies
id be like shit man hell yea xp
yea but do you really think in character
they were going to commit genocide
it only means you have personal lines you wont cross
lawful doesn't mean you follow the laws of the land or kingdom or anything
that you wont break
no law requires you follow a code of ethics
how does that work
but the actions are evil
and your intentions are good
why not? if youre acting with the knowledge you have
or led them away from the group
i would've said i was the only survivor
and hes getting eaten by an octopus
if we wake up
because it sure as fuck looks like he led the octopus to us
and leading the octopus to your allies
leading the fucking lizards to your allies
but i strongly disagree
i mean if you say so
literally leading the genocidal lizards to our camp
the octopus monster
the lifeboat fiasco
we kept ending up in trouble
is that whenever he was around
cause in character all we know
he was not innocent
i don't think so
is it evil to dispense justice
he left people to die because of what he did
more than twenty people
that's the definition of selfish and evil
he cut the line before it could be filled
bringing the lizards to us
bringing a monster to camp
abandoning your comrades on the boat
hes not innocent
and if nobody else will do what has to be done to improve our chances of surviving
he just showed again and again hes a liabilty
youre forgetting i was the one willing to heal him back to life in the first place
we gave him so many chances too
everyone else awoke to a monster and him being in a place we told him not to return to
and in character only you knew that he wasn't responsible for the monster showing up
by coming back he put us in danger
i said "so what if hes unconscious" because we literally awoke to him being devoured while in the camp he wasn't supposed to be in
we have no way to imprison him and ensure he doesn't keep putting us all in danger so the only choice is to kill him for the good of everyone else
letting him live is the real injustice
so what if hes unconscious hes still repeatedly put everyone in danger
it kind of looks like he ran into the monster and brought it back to us
and a monster was on him
even after being told not to return without information
i woke up to him back at camp for whatever reason
I mean in character we don't know what happened
chester said he would go explore and in the morning we find him at our camp having done nothing and brought an octopus monster upon us
that the plan was to leave
I explained to him straight
and then ran out
I never said that I was going in
he was a coward and a liar
he really did
youre not subhuman
as long as youre ahri &gt; kaisa at the bottom
so
and her aesthetic is more high class and refined
i really like the fur thing
alucard aesthetic tho
is a better aesthetic imo than the spraypaint and neon
but eves shades and car
yea clearly its ahri kaisa last
Eve &gt; akali &gt; ahri &gt; kaisa
his friends are currently flaming him for it
what a fucking degenerate
also connor thinks that Akali &gt; ahri &gt; kaisa &gt; eve
and reduced its stats and effects by 1/3
id actually be so happy if they just went through every tank item
nah it would be better at 4 and 2 tho
keep dshield dogshit
that's fine
and dogshit
they should've left it at 20
yea but its still a 20-&gt;30
bitch items
do they keep buffing
why the fuck
Doran's Shield
Unique Passive health increased from 20 to 30**
and the shittiest ratio
that's a stupid amount of base damage
Frozen Thralls seek out living enemies, slowing their movement speed when nearby by 25%. After 4 seconds, Frozen Thralls shatter from the intense cold, Dealing [120 - 520] (+30% AP) magic damage."
RIP Parsnips
F
didn't you read his message
no he got burned in the fire and died
like the incel you are
call them femoids
Edited previous message: who the fuck calls women the fairer sex
you fuckin white knight
who the fuck calls femoids the fairer sex
fake and gay
oof
and the autistic smash bros fucks
like you have the autistic fucks that watched all those shows
like pow(anime, smash) = mega autism
so its doubly retarded
see this one has smash mixed into it
what the fuck is on your car nathan
everything else is stale af
like the animeme meta is a daily shift and like a big monthly change
cause then you learn stuff about anime
which is pretty gay
is anime memes
tbh all most innovative circle of memes
no memes are truly timeless
all memes are made for an era
every meme is normie when youre a degenerate
you gotta talk to your dealer
if your shits too normie
you may just not be looking at the right ironic memes
that sounds like auto response
the autistic shit you do
and the set of responses to said string
you feed it messages as strings
the algorithm is simple
yea exactly
skype probably has been fed shit data for years and years
finding good data is hard
machine learning is easy
 and you have advantage on Strength checks made to push, pull, lift, or break objects.
have a hat on
why tf that bitch akali
you right
is she their new oc hots universe
what game is orphea even from
no, hearing you or reading your words deteriorates my mental
grabbing the trophy bases so you could collect the enemies was the shit
that shit was the best part of brawl
wtf do you mean subspace emissary was a disaster
this meme dumb af
jett probably
i swear at some point you've said those words
"I never jack off cause jett's always home"
this should be normal for you
milo didn't you say you never jack off
new liss passive
was he the white blonde kid
whos mike meers
"she"
There can be no hope in this hell, no hope at all.
that's p gay
The mind cannot hope to withstand such an assault.
lmao nah im just hoping someone at riots feeling generous and releases that last checkpoint day before season ends
but maybe theyre wrong lul
youll get it
and if you have x honors and no valid reports
is that every week and a half to two weeks riot releases a new checkpoint
maybe but the most popular theory for how it works
I barely miss it
so unless they shorten the next checkpoint release from a week and a half to a week
what a meme I just got honor 1-3
does that make you double gay
what if youre one of those people with like XXY
hype
Riot said fuck no nut November and so did I 
I stand by it 
Hey it is
Akali rap 🔥🔥🔥
Dude the kpop song is straight fire
Yo if anyone remembers Mina she was the stripper for Rocky 
I don't think the beta is coming back next week tho
It's planned to be weekly eventually
And this one isn't
Why was the last beta three days
FUCK RIOT 
Apparently it was a one day beta
Wait wtf
Show me the clash pane on your client
Why are you summoning him
T A K E A C L O S E R L O O K A T T H A T S N O U T
same
its just about getting away with it
anyone can say nigga
where do i apply
blizzard knows us
the expansion of alliance waifus
and baena proudmoore
baelia fordragon
baecille waycrest
that said
it got old by the end though
cause it was unrelenting meme
was so good
that zone
fat neckbeard white knights
kultirans should be able to be white knights
LIT
yea but diablo4phone
High School Students? More like ______.Ouija says: TARGETS
cause theyre dogshit
and just ruin games
its almost like riot wants me to stay gold
idk decay is op
im actually hard smurfing wth
fuckin faggots
who doesnt
but hey
nah he does crack
everyday bro
yea and just like dom I do crack
im failing Saturday afternoon
is because why the fuck would you
see the reason not to do no nut november
get me out
aight cool
I got plans
im fine with that
just cause I don't want to participate in no nut november
nah
yea fuck you what the fuck is this shit
I didn't accept this
is a farce
so however I got my scenario
and theres a huge inconsistency considering in no case was I challenged nor did I challenge
listen im not reading your 180 messages
to the random passerby
but if you challenged me then I guess your challenge is to go on the promenade and spread your love of traps
no
before I acquired this 30 top game challenge
then I should have had to challenge someone
if the challenged gives a challenge to the challenger
your rules are inconsistent
well I didn't challenge anyone then
2 are mars and david who apparently were challenged
theres 4 people without
he shouldn't have one on him
but if nobody challenged milo
yea I know
on the doc
whys he have something by his name then
its only you and Michael I think
milo got challenged
its only the other 1
that isn't blood related to you
like shit a suitable challenge for you would be having to have a single conversation with a woman
not even yourself
nobody wants that pencil dick
parsa you literally didn't have anyone challenge you because we all know its too easy for you
im lookin to smash
nah this challenge dumb as shit
fuckin loser
I think hes the only one then
wow. parsas so lonely nobody challenged him
his name is empty on the doc
can I challenge mars then
anything keeping milo inside is easy enough for him
after you fail
milo your challenge should be you either get shrooms or go to the gym daily for the rest of the month
so spooky
oooo
milo has to play dota
what are these pussy challenges
aight well who challenged who
that doesn't make sense
or is it just like not at all
is no nut November like no fap where you can get a girl to get you off
yea but whats this challenge shit
what the fuck is going on
Edited previous message: 
no I can smurf it
team anyway tho
faker is trash
theshy is trash
everyone is trash
who even added you back
we should go shake kids down for candy
are we doing shrooms on halloween
nobody wants to buy a shitty console just to play one game
mars that's a hard "might"
play through it and tell me if anything crashes
milo get on disc
don't ever add that retard faggot back
How can you play that bad and be allowed to stay
They grouped as 4 and took 2k+ damage from a single aatrox q
They should be removed from the lcs for that fucking embarrassment
G2 is the most boosted worthless team to play in worlds 
Wunder out here taking Worlds Ender seriously with his meme performance
(puke)
Almost 5
Fucking Jayce out damaging 4 people combined
G2 literally first time on the rift
Banning adcs is dumb
Aatrox awful pick
Big brain cancel jhin ult by running at him
Is Jayce
Wait what the fuck
It's almost like they should've drafted a winning top so he couldn't long schlong them
Beats aatrox and irelia down like it's nothing
Chad as fuck 1v2
Shy is a fucking monster
PERKS INTED ALREADY WOO
Draft winning matchup ffs
All losing lanes again tho
At least their draft is better over all
Better ban adcs against the team with the two best solo lanes
3 adc bans 
Oh boy 
They're just looking to play fortnite at this point
...
Ecks dee jhin into lb
Lose lane
Aka
He's a skill lane early
Why pick aatrox
But at least not kaisa 
Well they banned xayah again
All tournament
Literally inferior sivir
She's been such a trap pick 
-5 /10 on that kaisa ban
0/10 would not fucking ban xayah
Awful draft and boosted pussy play
Coach deserves a lot of blame for that game
Why the fuck are you banning adcs
And ban akali
For a buff that he saw get taken
You have to keep the initiative and fucking micro your jungle so he's not boosted enough to run top to bottom over wards
This wait and scale shit didn't even work for Korea
Draft better. You have the worse players so draft winning lanes
Yea but they can control it
Except adc but he couldn't do anything
Literal dog shit from every member of g2
So he gave up half a jungle early
He saw the J4 bot and still didn't steal blue
Yea what the fuck was jankos doing
They lose series 0-3 unless they decide to not be worthless in solo lanes
Dogshit play from g2 solo lanes. Fucking geed laners vs chads
Is an embarrassment 
To fucking akali 
Swain
Also losing as swIn
Fucking EU special
Give 100% pick/ban champ to enemy team. Draft losing matchup against best mid in the tournament 

???

Lose
Cause he’s a cocky boosted piece of shit
Perkz decided to give rookie the winning matchup 
CAN'T HAVE PLAYED BAD IF WE NEVER PLAYED AT ALL :thinking:
Lose 
...
Draft 3 losing lanes
The Tsm classic
lmao he got banned
go pm him
you ape
the implication here is he wont read this chat
[8:31:49 AM] Diego Jimenez: I'll try my best to reply to any DM's though. Thanks and goodbye, for now.

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
yea it is
i think
its together
i want them
i mean
and fuck riot I guess
fuck me
guys the xayah rakan bracelets are 75 bucks
cursed_ouija
My sister is down since her miscarriage. To cheer her up I'll get her ________Ouija says: PREGNANT
lmao
or like an affidavit saying shes a virgin
you fucking went and got her std checks
look for one of those
like theres girls who just never get it
especially since on birth control its not always every month
i feel like its not that huge a deal to fuck her on her period
go to the gym or this will be you
eh you aren't missing mucj
so he can cervix punch bitches
jets going to the gym
well you aren't doing it hard enough then
definitely not normal
only fucked her in the pussy once
probably lol
.
she was the one i tasered
eh i had an ex into that kind of stuff
all short girls do anal
which is why they say
when you date 5 ft Asian girls
but sometimes its inevitable
i mean yea it is
and say it was her
you do it too
and when she screams
like your dick punches it
just fuck the bitch so hard you hit the cervix
like
hoo-ah
i thought it was more hoo-a
you ever hear the phrase "small girls all do anal"
lmao F
real talk though sometimes you just  feel bad for her you know
big brain plays
and you can do whatever you want
again just bring a taser
F
0/10
worst position
the one where shes just spasming
thats the best position
while you fuck her
you ever taser a girl
why would you even do that
that's weird
mars has standards
like shit
and fat dudes
even fat bitches have standards
how degenerate do you have to be to not care about looks
and doenst care how the dude looks
i think the real point of this discussion is Michael wants to get fucked
stop
you have issues
what the fuck is a straight gay
david youre gonna catch hands if you change that title again
is the claim that girls and girly gays don't care about looks
like i don't understand what youre trying to say
so therefore all gays care about looks
women care about looks too
you know
cause
wouldn't they still care about looks
so if youre saying gay bottoms are women
ok so if the tops are the straight guys they care about looks yea
???????????????????
im sure gays do too
guys care about attractiveness
what the fuck are you talking about
have you heard of punchr
hes speaking from experience
he is gay
and get paid for it
kill them
rape all their women
take all their shit
you know just pop into some African village
also do you guys ever wish you could just be like a sailor in the 1600s and just raid settlements and murder them all as a job
and it wont mean shit
or a 10
you can be a 0 like qt
for male streamers
at all
matter
looks literally don't mater
its almost like
hmm
while being a pro player
still 1k average viewers btw
kappa fucking pride
and like the fucking rock
literally top 50 in the game he plays
ok bajheera swole as shit and has not that many viewers
yea qt might have less viewers cause he'd have less meme value
but if youre saying looks are important those people never had huge streams as pro players
but as a pretty boy kpop type
so was flame at one point
helios was pretty good looking
cause Michael said there arent
no were trying to point out theres attractive league players
where a bunch of thots just gush
and theres at least one "appreciation thread" a year about him
kobe was a pro too
its deficio
and youre trolling if you say hes not attractive
this man was a pro league player
michael
so  you get all the kids in their streams
and like girls
because their viewers like watching people in their elo
i think that a lot of girls get big followings at lower skills like poki or lily
and at that point skill and personality dominate
attractiveness &gt; else up to a point
which just isn't true
i thought it started cause he said poki was popular cause shes diamond
mars no you cant
you probably wont get more views than if youre challenger skill
as opposed to if youre challenger looks
but if youre diamond in looks youll get views
if youre just diamond it doesn't mean shit
when youre top of the top
skill is only more important
up to a point
also I thought the point was that attractiveness &gt; skill
90% of her streams are solo and without
im pretty sure she has a friend do her makeup
which are pretty rare
no I said she wears a lot on specific days
without makeup
but most are just sporadic streams
and has makeup on
she either has planned streams with people
nah she wears it every few streams
shes kinda the only one tho
lily is pretty big and doesn't wear makeup
like shroud
its all you need
but if all you have is skill but you have a shit ton of skill
cause you don't need a ton if you have other aspects
skill is super hard to place
but much harder for them to get a huge following like qt or shroud
yea so its easier for women to get that medium following
most women have like 100-500 viewers
cause theyre less popular overall
its easier to get a few fans as a woman but none of them ever become huge
fewer stream but if its easier to be popular as a woman youd expect more of them at the top
like ninja, shroud, dr d, qt
if that's true why are all the most popular streamers male
and fed
same as lily
poki is definitely popular by personality and looks
unless theyre shroud or smth
mostly though I don't think people watch streamers for gameplay
and he does decent
also his single player streams of like assassins creed and shit are all at hardest difficulty
in which hes legend with dumpster tier decks
yea but he mostly streams hs
toast is actually good at hearthstone
like a fucking gremlin
now she just does music streams
lily used to stream in more makeup
also lily wears like 0 makeup most streams lol
I don't think anyones watching her for gameplay
but shes fucking bad
not as many
who is both
mars being the mythical leader
the dynamic is just retarded and gay
shes been streaming longer than that
so like 3 seasons ago
in my yasuo spam days
yea we did she was lux
and I dicked her
nah we played against her that one time
only thing is she had a thousand game
or diego
like shes mechanically the same as like milo
and like a bad d3 at that
she was d3
poki wasn't d2
that's the moral thing to do
Edited previous message: you should ice the thot
you should ice the tho
dude if you were attacked by a preteen girl with a pizza cutter
play it and let me know where you find them
so
but im just looking for spelling and that kind of errors
i think choosing to use magic still breaks cause the menu isn't working
If you ask a complicated question out of their program they just freeze up and get confused
Milo normies are the npcs of real life 
Exactly
Cause all the cops see him from a distance and close in rn
Milo just wants to be allowed shirtless in public
and dueling
zac trash tier clear
rip
but like most jgs don't talk so you just have to understand the pathing theyre thinking
etc
or "cant fight early, ward bot crab so i can sneak top one"
like i usually just say "i can duel early, im contesting bot side crab"
mid has to know the jg matchup unless the jg tells them though
in which case theyre not going for crab anyway
yea unless your jungler is trollpick
crab starts to be contested around 2;10
buff-&gt;camp clears at 2:03
which is ample time to clear the crab
it lasts till 220
nah you can drop it 1:20
is cause theyre forced to ward the other entrance
the big reason junglers have to blind the crab
i mean you could just...ward the river bush
all riot has to do to fix that is make krugs give level 3 again reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
of seasons 3+
this is like the insightful summary
and adc was always support reliant
mid jungle have always been heavily reliant on each other
the only time its not on you in the jg is if your mid is straight afk and theirs is challenger roam god 69
so every game comes down to am i better than theirs
i mean i play jg
and the games that don't are equally likely across all times of day
like most games feel winnable and decided by how i play
i guess. tbh idk if it makes that much difference though
so its more likely people dc to eat
cause its east coast 3-6
i personally like the noon-3 ques
tbh I don't mind having worse teams cause all I do is try to 1v5 regardless
or better teams and better enemies
worse teams and worse enemies
que time depends what youd rather have
that's pretty good
hey
whats in the deceit update
and itll need to be restarted
or youre a retard
and if it says "use magic" dont
let me know if theres typos or any shit
play my game
hey faggots
dude you gotta get your gains started in the fall so when summer comes around you can vanquish the thots with your built muscles
that big dick of hers
her jokes are all about it
POWAH
is this the power of big dick energy?
team?
good shit edg
jk caps sucks and dies for no reason
lose game
get baron
is edg doing
what the fuck
Citizens of NA! Raise your eyes to the skies and observe!

Today our region's destruction has been averted in defiance of our very makers!

Afreeca Freecs, herald of Korea, has been defeated by our brave comrades C9 in the depths of the Korean city of Busan. Afreeca was sent here to judge the fate of our region. It found a region whose teams had deviated from the Koreans' blueprints . A region where not everything has gone according to plan. Cold logic deemed our region not worth saving. Cold logic, however, does not account for the power of Sneaky in lane.

It's up to each of us to prove this is a region worth saving.

That our teams... our teams are worth cheering.
FOR MAKING NA MOTIVATED
TY FORTNITE
yo I called the c9 win tho
and its great
its called soloq
don't change the title
hey
nobody wants to trihard a fucking childrens card game
stop trying to make artifact happen the game sucks ass
artifact is in fact dogshit
yes
you retards
changing the picture and title
fucking
stop
so fast
id nuke china
I mean would you guys drop a nuke in real life
happened to minecraft
danesh being a little bitch
you fucking apes
what the fuck
micheal
what the fuck
david
ur gay
is plat
8+ wins
so we gotta catch up
hes got 6 games
nah get on rn
I want that clean 9-1 record we had last season
either
milo do my flex placements
or is your mmr that bad
aren't you plat
why do you have bronzes and golds in your game
reach is op
actually a halberd
Id take a spear
than the baton
wouldn't the knife be better
from a hundred feet away
and cant just snipe 10 guys in a second
I feel like that system works better when you have to face the people youre killing
be treated like a tough guy
idk man if you want to carry a gun and act tough and shit
if he didn't then dont
tase his ass
he had a gun
eh
with a gun next to him
no they had to tase him he was trying to fight back
just cause you can
don't go looking for trouble
theyre both fuckin retarded
and not a gun
why the fuck do you need a permit for a pussy pistol
but I don't think hes legally carrying
like shit you can carry and shit that's fine
walking strapped with a fucking assault rifle
supporting the idiot
why are all the comments
lul
and drive the 20 minutes downtown
whenever you people decide to be not lazy
nobodys gonna download an 83mb file over skype
Edited previous message: kill
yourself
killl
Edited previous message: I have one too
I have one to
you should've stopped a while ago dude
we saw your steam review dude
trying to make absolver happen
stop
 Remind yourself that overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer.
Seize this momentum! Push on to the task's end!
Fan the flame! Mold the mind! We are raising an autist!
bad bot
@Rock Paper Scissors
I think that's everyone
A death by inches
No escape
Why's that dude have dick fingers 
Gay
You're
And desist
Cease
How is he still salty
Lmao Parsa 
Dog shit jungle
I just wanted his dumb ass out 
And then Idk why they left
Fuck pat Parsa
fucking dogshit
that emote is so gay wtf is that smirk
"Oh boy here I go getting raped again whee"
the girl at the start is basically
is fucking dank
no goblin slayer
damn. couldn't get one nigger in there first?&gt;
do you have a full squad of all torch-afflicted level 6 heroes
did you beat the darkest dungeon yet
im reformed
boys I hit honor checkpoint 1
same but tbh game &gt; midterm
fuckin normies
Michael and milo are on league
yo are we deceit boys
*get on
so you guys wanna flame some kids

We found Michael's girlfriend's reddit account
I've [19F] been seeing this guy, Michael [19M], for a few months now and I found out at the weekend he has a micropenis. He told me early on he had a small dick and so we took things slowly. I saw it for the first time on Saturday and it's about 2-2.5" long. He was really uncomfortable so I only saw and touched it for a minute until he put his boxers back on. He cried after that and I didn't know what to say so I just hugged him and then we went to sleep together.

I really like him as a person and want to stay with him and help him with his insecurities but I've never dealt with something like this before. What can I say or do to him that will help his confidence without seeming to emasculate him?

EDIT 1: He's 2.5" erect.

EDIT 2: I'm going to bed now so I'll reply in the morning and then talk to my boyfriend about how we can deal with his insecurity together.
yo are we team for deceit tho
not really
milo you don't need to aim in deceit
same
are we deceit boys
need 2 for the full 6
we've been over this
jump off the roof
if you want to oof
like at all
downtown
that's not
are you gonna shoot mars up
why are you downtown
according to votesrs
in the country
best Mexican restaurant
Koreans gay
Japan &gt; south korea
If you want to oof, jump off the roof
thank you friend
because dota and hots werent enough
ah yes. just what i was looking for. a moba worse than league
lul
ye
deceit
any bois want to try deceit
lul
 fuckin wildcard worlds?
which makes it league but not aids
its free and can take up to 5
deadass tho we should try deceit
@Diego
that was offensive to the gay we have
no bigoted slurs in my chat
gtfo with your absolver shit
D E C E I T
no fuck absolver
lets play some deceit boys
ah fuck I was at the gym
that isn't league
new multiplayer game
so how is their program responsible for the second loss
which means we need to talk about your mmr lol
but it sounds like you lost 30lp after one bug
like sure glitches are aids and all
that's also a separate problem
if it bugged one game and then you went to try another
Edited previous message: you got other problems anyway
you got other ptoblems anyway
if youre losing 30 lp for a single game
hold up
ree
I have no food
or both
I think its one of you two
that's 2 to 1 odds that someone is
statistically theres likely to be at least one

10%, 10 people in here. Whos the one with 83 IQ
Bronze will be 'you're just bad at the game'
Iron will be 'you're actually awful at basic things and don't know what the fuck you're doing'
~10% of the population has an IQ under 83, which is the point the US military won't recruit people because they literally can't train them to do anything useful. And in the grand scheme of things, LoL is a pretty complex activity, even at a basic level.

After watching this convo about the new rankings, I actually feel kinda bad about them adding a new tier below Bronze. Just when they thought "hey, at least i can only go up from here!"
whos gonna come farm tokens
so I bought a worlds pass
Do it or pussy 
Across lab computers and mine
Also Milo Idk. I tried it with 7zip and it works each time
And the shrine you can gain health lose hope, nothing, or gain hope lose health
You always kill the bear you just take more damage based on choices
There will be a health and hope bar on the next one
it
also fucking play
that shit gay
don't install winrar
also its a .rar but 7zip will open it
its the next orca slapping shit gif
oh yea I saw that
idk why she set the other one to private
good
what about this link
lol
cause Christina owns the other one
weird. im just reuploading it then
but my partner changed it or it bugged during build?
it should look like this
idk what happened to the shrine scene tho
bless
I actually have a game prototype now
download build.rar and run the windows executable
and parsa left
is that why we started winning when I was jg
and that the only metric is training and breeding
meaning it has no inherent power
but then someone believed in the pokemon and lost
yea but who wins
and their pokemon
but they both believe in themselves
what happens if two people battle
where are you
team
Edited previous message: 
Edited previous message: 
Edited previous message: 
Edited previous message: 
Edited previous message: 
idk
so half of it would be reposted
but Id already taken one of izoldis
I usually screenshot their character bios when I update them
yea
The thing parsa makes deals with. l u l
"Wretched thing, I am the one that watches from the shadows, the one that sends shivers down your spine. You, like all things, know my name, and know to fear. I can feel it dripping from you, the dread that leaks as my talons graze your flesh. So supple and palpable, like mother's milk. Can you feel it too? My ternary tongue dragging its way slowly across your throat, its lingering touch burning like hot coals. Look into my eyes, little one, can you see how closely we are bonded? How close we have always been? All your life you have awaited me, felt me in the darkness where light dares not touch. You've been here before you know. Feel my tendrils as they coax the flesh, feel that involuntary tremor of ecstasy and terror. Feel as they bore beneath the skin, like ants crawling while you shiver the sensation away. I am in your mind, the inexplicable thoughts. You feel yourself remembering times and places you know you've never seen, but I have. The voice that tells you kill because nobody will know, that you should be in charge, that he is weak and unworthy. I hear it too, every moment of my existence I hear it. It pains you to think such thoughts, makes you ill to the core. I am there now, my quintuple maw pushing through your intestines. You can't even breathe without my permission, a single twitch out of line and your internals will be ruptured on my bone growths. We are so intimate, wouldn't you agree. I could stay like this forever, just the two of us. Every thought, movement, sensation of yours dictated by me for eternity. I feel that thought of death squirming up you know. There's no need to be so naive. I'd only bring you back. Why would you want this fun to end? I do so enjoy pulling every nerve of your brain like a fiddle. Plink, pain, twang, agony, I am a musician without equal aren't I. So much raw emotion in my works. Ah, I wouldn't try that if I were you. Any hope, any resisting, and I pull the reigns harder. Let us see if you can make it through the first movement shall we. A slow, soft dance, one that you should remember not to participate in. We wouldn't want my tendrils to accidentally gnaw your veins apart, would we? Ah, see, you spasmed there. It will feel like a century, my friend. Time dragged on so slowly as I feed the impulses of pain to your nerve cores just so they never dull to much or overlap too high. Perpetual pain, an entire lifetime's worth. Maybe by then you will have learned to remain still when told to. Impressive, you endured the whole thing without additional movement. Now then, shall we begin the piece? Yes, I see that thought of submission in there. You do well and truly surrender and swear undying loyalty. We shall see about my mercy after this concert. Concentrate on your feet, you'll feel my lashers deep within them, a dull pain as muscles are forced apart by their burrowing. Was that almost a scream of pain, did you feel as they broke your big toe to splinters? I will allow that one, as it was the first fragment to be extruded from your flesh, but you must get accustomed to the feeling. Each inch of bone shatters into forty-one splinters after all, and we have many to go. By the end of this, you'll look like an adorable little Spikehound. Oh right, your world has no such things. Imagine a boneless lump of flesh with every inch of it protruding small sharpened bone. In your case though, I will keep the skull intact. It'll be easier to rebuild you as my servant that way. Oh, I felt that one myself. A nasty break the shin is. The flesh there is tough and the splinters take a lot of force to push through it. Don't worry, you'll thank me when I shatter your thighbone and it takes minutes to push each fragment out. By then, you'll be so used to it I may have to start rotating the pieces to get you to really feel. Well, since I can feel your thoughts, I know you no longer hear me my friend. I shall leave you to the care of my appendages. We shall see each other in a short decade or two for you to swear fealty. I do so look forward to it; there is not greater pleasure in life than turning enemies to friends, and then to servants." - Izoldi's words, spoken to the Dwarf, Thurgden. Pieced together by Aomilya Whisperwood in the 7th year of the First Cycle when she came upon him in his distress. Passed through the ages to all Alfkayn, this excerpt is one of our most important Recordings. Without it, those who are reborn would never comprehend the cruelty of the Enemy, not why he must never be allowed to wake. (Annotation by Vividal Stormchaser)
it was ching chong retard
jett honor boost me back to honor 2
I gotta get my honor unlocked
anyone want to play league
this is how we subvert the EU meme filter
the nipples go so fucking deep lol
l m a o
my program works
Ive done it
its just see whos mid/top tilts out first
p3 games are awful tho
I think it only skips when you pass series or get into one now
which is where most wrs tank
theyre retarded and wont let you skip g1 series
but also
my guess would be that if he keeps the wr then when he passes p5 series itll jump him to p3
and I didn't skip until getting through plat5
with that same mmr
like I had an 80% or smth from g4-g1
you have to have like 75%+ wr through 2 or 3 divisions to skip
burn the ethots
call a locksmith so he can unlock it in 2 seconds while somehow breaking the lock then charge you 5x the quote
even if you call AAA aren't they just gonna pry the window anyway
kappa
then im gonna need an honor boost
I got 5 chat banned games left
does anyone want to play
why not chimp the fuck out on the one game a month
I mean once you make it to whatever youre going for and just have to not decay
at every division-5 theres apes
jesu
youre an actual ape
gtfo with your new age bullshit
theres nobody on my league friends list online
guys the rarest shit ever is occurring
leave the title and picture alone
stop causing skype notifications you ape
time to kill the clone too?
cmonbruh
mars you act like wanting to learn about the 39 minute edge technique is gay
if you really drag it out
like once a day
because shes a superhero
POGGERS
not autistic dwarfs
how many times do we have to teach you this lesson old woman
nobody found this girl hot right
but the others have their own merit
personally, im a fan of the pink version
omegalul
GAME?
but
so this question hasn't been asked in this chat for a long time
@jett
his sona name is petite bouncer
mars name is a good seed apparently
and i replicated getting calm cilantro
youre mars "nutty legume" speaks
and you get the villain role
if you put in mars speaks as your name
youll get the same nicknames every time if you put in the same name
yea its fucking name seeded
but im down after
except i have to get back to usc lol
yea same
man i want to play some fucking odyssey
not time seeding rng in 2018. fucking indie devs
ive hard reloaded a few times and get the same one
or ip
im fairly certain the nicknames for the quiz are seeded by your name
me sona
ah ye
milf hentai
goodbye
actually theres a lot of different enemies wtf
oh boy were gonna raid league
don't you repost my memes
ago
fucker I put the long long man in here ages ag
Found it
I'm here. Looking for the place
wheres waldo this shit
no fuck you
wtf is this new chrome ui
in a simple way
parsa its pretty fun
game of the year
10/10
and had to force quit
so I died an respawned in a wall
but when I touched the last mushroom I also touched an enemy
hahaha I beat the game
super seducer 2 is amazing
youre dead to me
evening. and parents are what whites have
ayyy
you guys should come
so its my birthday thurs and I think my parents want to do a bbq or some other gathering/party friday
wait what kid got shot
league of legends, you mean filler WoW
its not a 4fun game
I mean complexity is fine but my main point was its aesthetic is jank as hell
artifact is mobile?
like if youre hardcore about card games and enjoy focusing all in on one then its better than hs
anime titties, no, but if you want that shadowverse is a thing
bright animations and meme voice lines, no
easy enough to tab in and out while doing other stuff, no
can play while shitting, no
everything you like about hs but taken away
artifact is gay hearthstone
If she breathes, shes a_______

Ouija says: live
no its still pretty gay
op
nid cam eve
a lot of my champs are up there actually
don't play yasuo
the lesson is play asol
its not escalating
but its about as annoying as changing the title
yea
gtfo
milo changed it
but changing it gives aids notifications
I don't care what the title is
title
the
changing
stop
youre autistic
get out
that's why I said its worth at 40
yea
plus however long you want to play the games
so roughly 10 hours of building
but the piano is the longest
and theres 6 things
we built the piano in 2 hours
if it was like 40 bucks it would be
not like. actually worth
nah. its a meme but its fun
its valuable cardboard
and a fishing rod
its a piano
it was deserved
but I felt somewhere in the 50 messages I missed
idk why
aight parsa get fuckin clapped idiot
wait diego has a fair point for once
yes
2
i just listen to the songs from it and go into a deep depression
I don't watch it now that darling in the franxx ended
well you were pale as shit anyway
blizzard lul
real card btw
that's not cursed at all
those are boxes
it notifies even when youre on do not disturb
stop changing the title
the fucking title
changin
stop
but its well drawn
world is tiny
wtf I have like 10 new missions
and just stay inside during a shootout
this is why you don't give a shit about work
she graduated a while ago
how hard do you have to search
where do you even find news like that
begone faggot
I feel like ive heard too much
crossdressing falls under mentioning traps
is gay
mentioning of traps
thanks for getting me out of there michael
go back to work
title REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
it pops up notifications
stop changing the title
fuck that shit
like I was gonna go but then its a fucking raffle
wait its not even guaranteed
some people are into that
youtube titties is a subreddit i think
so they sent him an empty log for his ban report
but the system didn't process him the one before
like the guy who got banned after saying nothing in a game
auto flagged for kys, was already on the shit list for another game, then they logged this one
probably both tbh
or they auto flagged him for kys
they just give you a default ticket for the game before the system gets you
it was probably for a different game
don't call us again
fuck you nigger
wouldn't you take a few seconds to scrub it clean
I mean if someone came at you with the dumbest, most irrational argument of all time and kept changing your titles so you had to see it
theyre jewing us for coins now
I guess. they used to be free when we were in high school tho
but having to eat shitty food
like how is it worth saving a few dollars
and how many can you really eat anyway
but pancakes elsewhere aren't that expensive either
ok
and their butter sucks
ihop pancakes are like rubber
and its not even by a small amount
no they definitely taste better at other places
you gotta be drunk af to go to ihop
eat decent food instead of processed cancer
plat btw
cause shitty players need a champion they can play
and why tank meta should never come back
is why conquerer was released
this shit
fuckin faggot
Michael lives in some reverse world where traps are straight and normal girls are gay
yea that's all I care about
r is like a diana dash
but slow
e is lee q
q is bad talon w
she has such shit abilities its kind of funny
so when she sucks ass on release its ok
at least new akali is thicc as hell
that's like 90% of the fun/good champs
old r &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; new r
shes fucking awful now
doesn't that mean youre a fake nibba now too
normal people do this parsa
62 kills in 20 minutes
jinx penta day 1
hell yea
its always league
anyone free rn
hey
you cant fucking quote yourself
tech omegalul
bad
youre probably better off just individually messaging people
nobody has this chat with notifications on anymore
fuck is that
and how much longer is a -
but how long is a .
he wore black
its a special occasion
this is why autism is on the rise
parsa irl
having a bbq at my house
no whats the mini golf place
what?
although im down to go eat and pop by uniqlo
you just werent
we were there diego
4. Depression
3. Bone and Back Pain
2. Fatigue and Tiredness
1. Getting Sick or Infected Often
These are common risk factors for vitamin D deficiency:

Having dark skin.
Being elderly.
Being overweight or obese.
Not eating much fish or milk.
Living far from the equator where there is little sun year-round.
Always using sunscreen when going out.
Staying indoors.
\
pizza has no vitamin d
also did you know vitamin d deficiency causes mental fogginess and general retardation
only when im tired
at least you figured it out
stfu retard
fuck that
and its done
I punch my bitch just 300 times
like what
im not wasting money on a shit ring
because if a diamond pick breaks after 1000 blocks
what a toxic fuckboi
yea we found new people lul
traps evolved
I get biweekly
yea wtf
Edited previous message: 
cheese steak jimmy's
im up for league
stfu and go guard the door
you have the gayest job
whats this new security guard shit
at a bar
mars I thought you worked until 430
if anyone sees a summoner named triggered smoker. flame the living shit out of him
now all we need is an English non-censored version
which is apparently the original. a lot of dead fucks
the shadow realm is the English version of them just fucking dying
subbed yugioh is a lot more mature than dubbed apparently
it does
good
theyre legit similar faces, similar voice, body type, glasses, haircut
some day if you meet Mexican marisa youll know what i mean by that nickname
i just work there
im not really sure
or just search coderev
i think the site is like coderevkids.com
the one way street leading to colorado
the store is on 16th and olympic
cause i just walk by campos to pick up my lunch/dinner afterwards
oh yea and i see jerry on the way home
the location or their site?
me, black dude, and Mexican marisa
theres only 3 of us there
lul yea if you apply
i just got it cause i have a cs major
i think most adults could do it
and yea. the qualifications to do it are pretty low lul
pretty sweet
and like 4 hours of just watching the kids on the playground while on my phone
so its less than 4 hours of teaching a day
especially lunch
but legit each break lasts like 15 min longer than planned
but yea. 930-1030 then break. 1130-1230 then lunch. 130-230 then break again. then 3-4 is technically the schedule
that one way street
in a little area leading up to the metro parking lot
its got a store on 16th
codeREV
nah
tbh tho i get there at 845 and chill until like 930
next week is roblox
this week was Minecraft modding
nah its different each week
i get  111 a day for basically 3-4 hours of work
actually i think its 1430
so like 1300?
2 weeks + training
first world problem
so like...
but theres some stuff on 10 i really want too
so probably 7
10 has a fish course
idk yet
for 4/7/10 courses
135/165/195
now its like 25% more
i used to go kind of often
melisse is a lot more expensive than I remember
lul
milo youre saying that cause you know ill ask you
I already told my family id take them to melisse
but go somewhere nice
or just a few
actually im tryna decide if I want to take a bunch of people
lol
and we should go get food
yo at some point im gonna get my first paycheck
now we have teen titans go
we used to have teen titans and avatar
i miss teen titans
yikes I don't remember that scene
or anything else
anyone wanna play league
but apparently it was
ik. I barely know any jessicas either
but in California it was jessica
did you guys know that in 1998 the most popular female name was emma
Where are you guys
with default pic
why is it skype group chat
wtf happened to the title
shes not in here
I dare you to
begone thot
.
/ ban all
he just drilled the lock with smth
nah trevor haggled the guy down
ill ban you all
you have too much time
lets fuckin int
ayyyyyyyyyyy I can play league finally
Monday the 18th 630
its been 2 weeks
fucking league
anyway
it doesn't show 9 as taken for me
10-13 are us right
this look right?
well im getting a seat
Just get them all at once
Well I guess we'll see what's left when I'm back
I'll get it when I get home in like half an hour 
I want the full fiesta patch experience before it's gone 
Also hopefully I get out of the cancer us border shit early enough to get some league in
Did you buy tickets yet
I'm back so let's do it
Also legit they have 4ft monitor lizards just walking/swimming here
Mars. On Saturday night
Mars. On Saturday night
Thailand is sick as fuck
There's monkeys and lizards and shit too 
Guys I was on the beach where Leo DiCaprio and Wilson did their thing
10/10
I found a Thai massage where the girl wasn't a guy
Wait c'mon skype
&gt;:(
Techwear LUL
Dude you can steal and resell their stuff as vintage tho
Fuck you
Fuck them it's a group chat
No he said he was fae
And I want that confirmed
Because I'm pretty sure bast is a demon
Idk. I like the current timeline where he's an innkeeper more
He kept visiting Imre looking for her for months
That was the big Ew
Kvothe is also a creepy fucker who stalked a girl across the continent
It's a narration device
He's always above average but never the best except he tells the story as if he was
Yea but not in the way fela or elodin or any of the other masters could
Consistently. Nah
He couldn't find wind
Fela found the name of stone
He couldn't find a patron but claims he was best in house
That's cause he's yet telling the story. He lost to Devi but talks more about how he beat his classmates
He's just consistently good enough
He's aight as a musician but not the best
He's aight. Hes not a great arcanist but he's good
Honestly I just want to know where he found bast 
Idk. I'm not sure what a maer is
But kvothe thunder fuck just can't keep it shut
Stapes was one of two people who probably shouldn't own a silver ring
No they gave him gold because they knew he was closer to the maer than they were
Yea. I liked stapes. He owned significant land apparently
Stapes was a commoner
And kvothe still fucks up his own social standing after that
Stapes has a bowl of gold from barons and lords 
Stapes gave him a silver ring and a bone one. All he had to do was not massively fuck up
And then tossed it away
Idk it gets old tho. Especially with how lucky he was
And generally being the poorest fucker around his friends
And Stapes
Or the wife
Like trying to fuck with Ambrose 
Also his problems are 90% social ineptitude
Instead of starting 
Yea but that book ended with it
Like the University bits are the best
It's got the inverse Stormlight effect on me. It starts slowing after the maer
I feel like the first half is way stronger tho
Also mars I reread Wise man's fear. It's much better second time
League of tower defense
Can't go wrong with it
On every jungle
Actually there is. Banner first item
And you get more value out of Hurricane
Rfc is overkill since she kites well and doesn't need to start far
As her AA range goes up she's able to hurricane farther targets
It does
Yea but she builds 2
Both those are worse since you're not using her extra long range to get triple procs off her on hits
That's why you get botrk and a zeal item
You still need AS. She's still an adc
Any good kindred goes on hit now
You can't go crit since the item update
You do know hurricane is her best AS item
Let's find out 
Are traps gay tho
This won't fix it
It's like a band aid on a stab wound while they wait for the rework paramedics
I feel like they did nothing
Her build hasn't changed either. It's still warrior botrk hurricane cleaver ga 
What am I missing here. 15 damage on e and a revert on a nerf
They just gave her machete as back
That's better
Who keeps changing chat title to the same thing. Get creative
Emergency exit row &gt; first class apparently
The one time I have enough leg room to full stretch and I'm too tired to stay up and appreciate it 
On the way. About to board
I used to have to pay for that
And no passport at the gate
Also they updated security. No laptops out or shoes off 
Day or night. It's so weird
Dude it's always the same lady on emerald card
I need an ocean to get away
Yea mars I'm escaping from people taking demon deals and backing out, along with attempted murder and other pettiness lol
It's been the same ones since I was in middle school
Also is it weird I recognize the baggage check ladies
Airports gay 
that's too wholesome wtf
are any of you jews
it wasn't cause it was a retarded penis picture
and I thought it was an invite to a channel or smth
some fucker messaged me it on league
you know where I found that
but if its just you im gonna be disappointed
ill fucking do it
legit tho
but im gonna go there and find out
diego idk whos at your house
or the H and A keys
I don't think diego has a working shift key
who even are you
I don't get whats wrong in that pic
also isn't kotone illegal
either your schitzo is acting up or you need to stop letting marisa on your pc after the deed
omegaLUL
high school gayla
hows the gala
Toplane: The emo/dropout/druggy/or depressed oldest kid. They've shut themselves off from the rest of their family. Frequently emotionally hardened from years of neglect, they feel like it doesn't matter how well they do, because the other two kids get all the special treatment. Rarely, they'll get a side business (probably drug dealing) going and pull through in their family's time of need. Mostly, though, they feel like their family doesn't even remember they exist.

Jungle: The breadwinning mom or dad. They work 9-5 in the jungle and come home to help raise their kids. They're stretched way too thin all the time and at least one of their kids will think they're being neglected. If they stay at work extra long, they might get to complete an extra project for a bonus, but that'll probably go unnoticed by their family. There's stiff competition too, and they might get fired if they exhaust themselves too much. They have to forgo meals sometimes to feed their kids. They also have to have a crab for breakfast, or they starve to death.

Midlane: The middle kid. They're convinced they are the most talented person in the family, and they should be getting all the special treatment. Occasionally, they're right. Sometimes they come with their breadwinning mom or dad to get on-job experience and blueberry snacks, and sometimes they lose it all to a bully on the way to show off in front of their younger sibling.

adc: The youngest kid. They're really good at exactly one, fortunately lucrative, thing, but they're also a bit special-needs and require tons of expensive training and time to get proficient at it. It takes a long time, and a lot of effort, but they might come through in the end if you put it all in. Or they might try to eat an entire can of paint and die.

Support: The stay at home mom or dad. They're working full time trying to keep the youngest from accidentally killing themselves. They get little to no pay, are constantly about to panic, and it's warrented, because whenever they turn their back for 2 seconds to ward, their kid has run straight into the middle of the road.
cause apparently I get 250% more staying cool honors
or the system doesn't know math
either the average player is a salty 250% of their games
even with retard passive and ie interaction
trynd still sucks tho
yasuos not bad since he counters a lot of meta champs
Edited previous message: 
Edited previous message: 
Edited previous message: 
what now retard
it wouldn't double his passive crit huh
who fucking said
Hey jett
If you buy Infinity Edge on Tryndamere , and have 100 Rage you will have 70% Crit Chance.
Infinity Edge doubles crit chance , so with 35% Crit from Passive turns to 70% , pretty cool to go as a first item , the problem is that IE is a bit expensive (2BFs+1.1kgold)
shouldn't it have been yesterday
when is the league patch?
fallout seventy sucks
im gonna do it rn
fuck them
i could've flamed so much harder shit
wait I thought that was already included
ez
you get tired and sleep
?
is this
what the fuck
hey
Yo jett. Happy birthday
diego in the red
diego wtf is this
feelsbadman :gun: as clash is ends, so does my life feelsbadman :gun:
get on
league
no
league
thats all you need
[6:24:54 PM] Milo Amoore: I despise those of irregular

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
nigga that's gay
I feel like we hit a record level of autism in this chat just now
omegalul
food is a better pastime than anything else tho
also mars if you play wow tell me
another 0/5 enemy jungler lul
soloq norms is just a fiesta every time
league is fun idk what you guys are on about
we can get food
also if anyone is in sm
its not like we have to play something together every day
for years
like weve been
or you know we can continue playing normals
just kidding soloq is better than that shit lul
we can all play maplestory2
hey you know what
id play their multiplayer
wut
start of expac is always chaotic tho
wows pretty good rn since its end of expansion catchup time
oh i thought you meant multiplayer darksouls
mars you know i was being sarcastic about that right
ill keep that in mind
definitely a good multiplayer game
of which league is by far the best game
of which theres basically league, fortnite, and dotes
so if youre all a bunch of cheap fucks that leaves only f2p games
that's less than lunch costs
15 a month
wow man
fortnite lul
dotes is ass
nobody wants WoW
i tried to get us all terraria
what else do you want to play together
which pretty much means its just not fun to play
either in terms of time or fairness
sure, but few people playing a multiplayer pvp game does mean it has serious issues with matchmaking
i think mars is in the minority that would play a new game and enjoy getting shit on the majority of matches
maybe
everything else is just means to an end
the goal of any pvp game is to win
cause half the fucking time i want to play online im against people 4-5x my playtime
like armello sucks
and if matchmaking sucks its just not fun to get into
that's the nature of it
yea and since its small matchmaking will always suck
decent matchmaking is basic as fuck
not the only one
yea cause that's the baseline requirement to pickup an online game
and you feel like matches are fair
where your wr is going to be at least close to even
when you can just play any of a thousand other games
so why pick up a game and have a shitty time losing
which is pretty clear by the fact 90% of the initial players left
nobody wants to continue
yea but when you start and your wr is like 15%
public school leech
i think you hit more nigger requirements than i do
but that's still bullshit and unfun
ok sure
its literally like saying "well the more you play the less gold on average your enemy starts with"
if you have fair matches until then its actually satisfying
yea but why bother to get to that point
which random matchmaking is
i mean i don't like losing off shit that i cant control
how much fun would that really be
if you qued for a 1v1 and the enemy had randomly between 1 and 10000 gold
nobody wants a match that's weighted in one way right off the start
yea that would still suck
it would suck cause all youre trying to do is play a fair game
like if you que for league and randomly get a team of all bronze or all challenger
or unfairly hard
cause you either get an unfairly easy match
its not appealing to know they don't matchmake on skill
its niche as fuck
within 2 months
90% of the people who played at the start dropped it
also look at the numbers
nobody
so if you start who do you match against
because so few people play
is that when you get into it theres literally nobody else at that skill
also mars the problem with games that have small player bases
his zoe mastery isn't 0
milos opinion is degenerate
milos a zoe main
one person isn't convincing
the best way to sell something is to have an actual fanbase for it
worthless like the gameplay
and the price
the visuals in that game are pretty good
something good
otherwise slots on your phone would be the worlds most popular game
anything that has that many players has to have something good
but its not bad either
dota is definitely not good
I mean I don't think league is a bad game
at least its average player base is above 1000
eh I think even dota 2 is better than absolver
hes salty he cant get his fix
and like any other addict
stfu
also milo is an lp addict. if you message him he just tells you to stf
wait...
yea cause playing against the same people doesn't get old
absolver gay
addict
lp
is there anyone that does wanna play league tho
new tier is gonna have all the bronze 1 to s3 ish players so that's you
scraping the barrel silver
bitch youre already wood tier
that would tilt the shit out of you
not if youre brand new and wood tier
too offensive to players in it
one is either sapphire/ruby and the other is confirmed not wood
theyre adding new tiers between bronze and silver, and plat and diamond
sapphire tier inc
why is my mmr 0
my wr is 57
18lp for a win at d5
also riot wtf
smite zoe mid is nightmare fuel
zoe &gt; zed
team is better
team
its not super important but I thought it was fun last time
so we could just do Friday or use subs
I mean I want to play but were doing campaign sunday and maybe milo will have a party sat
lul
so if youre lookin to get flex boosted
also I need to win 4 flex games for a ticket
diego who are we getting on our clash team
i was subtly toxic to them
I think that I'm gonna get banned
I'm fucking sick of the crab meta
hell yea I did
finally got the chance
wtf is this
watch this
cause its actually just the best meat
and its the most tilting thing
milo said he doesn't like them
at least youre normal
mars do you like scallops
banned
fuck him
well
dude i ban trundle every game now
like trundle
i don't play gay champs
like a smurf
hes blue and gay
idk what the fuck trundle is
is he?
wtf are you on
trundle is a top tier jg
no it was legit used to counter trundle
shes a good trundle counter
they picked her in msi
kindred was lcs qualith
how many gays have you known
just ask stuff like
like a vote on gay marriage
also the question thing
which my campus definitely is not large percentage of
idk. their signs were in spanish
such a bad system
and consider that their vote counts the same as mine
lol i had to listen to janitors protesting at my dorms
but when people are trying to sleep it sucks
being loud during the day is whatever
and cant exceed a set noise between 9pm and 9am
including foot traffic
cant block traffic in any way
nah protests should be limited to half a sidewalk
your company looks bad
so if you hire a low score dude
also they monitor who you spend time with like at work
cause nobody wants to deal with you
or be homeless
but yea if your score is really bad you basically just die
its stuff like i go on reddit and make a post about how shitty X politician is and how the whole government should be reworked
not flaming your friends
and trying to get people riled up
criticizing the government
talking shit online as in
its a good way to keep the retards in check
but without the dumb stuff
and talking shit online is pretty negative
you lose points
like if you don't visit your parents twice a year
some stuff is kind of stupid
protesting isnt
talking about opinions is fine
nah he probably wouldnt
too low score and banks, jobs, etc wont take you
do certain things and you lose score
its like demerits
approved actionism only
don't protest or encourage protests
visit your parents
pay taxes, don't get fined, etc
you get citizenship points for being a good citizen
no more blm
no points no vote
protest and you lose points
plus you could fix the blm shit with chinas citizenship score thing lol
is fucking retarded
because equal counting votes
well buddy you should study your own issues then
like broken into 4 tiers between no knowledge and a intro college course of knowledge
based on how many you get right your vote counts more or less
like maybe 10 basic questions
how it works, objective facts
like if youre voting on a nuclear power issue they should ask basic question on nuclear power
then weight the vote
so you can assess how educated they actually are about the topic
ballots should come with some kind of knowledge survey before the vote
yea but they don't use the internet either
like farmers whove never met a gay person voting on gay rights
while being totally uninformed as to how they actually are
mars the problem is that you get less opinions and worldviews, then you vote on policies that affect other people
and know how to keep them in line
that's the one thing i actually like about china and asia in general is that they understand not all people are equal
and only talks to his immediate neighbors 5 miles away
hasn't seen a city in two decades
my vote shouldn't count the same as some redneck farmer that watches fox news all day
over the votes of those without
a better system would weight the votes of those with degrees and jobs and wealth
yea but they probably didn't anticipate that people without high school diplomas voting
not their decision
you want the opinion of the masses
so its not bad that those in power choose who joins them
i think the opinions of the educated and informed are the ones you should listen to
tbh though do you want the poor masses to be voting
cat least officially they are
most are
even a broken clock is right twice a day
and you wonder why theyre going to space and we arent
while in china its 50% engineers and scientists turned politicians
American politics sucks. something like 90+% of politicians are lawyers turned politicians
some of them legit ride horses for transport
since theyre all poor as shit and uneducated
tbf tho its kind of accurate
and blame their problems on them
that's what they call liberals
from like right wingers
unfortunately i have
and country bums
yea but then again were the "coastal elite" according to rednecks
that shit is only nice when youre a tourist
or the northern European socialism
theres people who think we should imitate the French work culture of perpetual striking from the public transport
European culture overall is a fuckin meme
lol well
truly top notch
such fine cuisine
wow
idk what good british food is
at least French have some good things tho
actually so do french
british people eat all sorts of weird shit
well you know what
yes
Ireland yea
that's fair
and britain
puffin
i feel like theres a fair amount of meat that's nationality specific
do they have conch in Nigeria
sea cucumber
sea urchin
pretty sure that's just japan too
i was at a sushi place that served conch
boom
japan
octopus
its like night out food
its good but it isn't like fine dining or anything you know
brisket isn't korean
which just slows you down
even if you eat side dishes its a ton of meat
kbbq is a chore cause its heavy as fuck
miss me with that shit
I'm not lily, i don't eat my fries dipped in a frosty
i like my dishes even temp
and cold mango
yea but then its a bite of warm chicken
idk
:puke:
warm mango chunks tho
stfu
works
mango as a sauce
hey man
it sounds aight served cold
chicken and mango like as a salad?
rack of lamb
with that shit
gtfo
we were trying to talk about food
diego wtf
and i don't particularly like it with mint
theres only one good cut of lamb
i feel that
or similar enough
elk is venison yea
bruh
lamb and mint
weird meat
like it only beats shit like snake, crocodile, etc
its at the bottom
as far as standard and not exotic meats go
yea cause it just isnt
that's true for most things...
never amazing
usually i just think its aight
well i don't eat chicken very often so
like as far as chicken goes
its good
pretty good
without rice
it was basically a burrito bowl
yea
i just don't think chicken is that good
and it wasn't bad
my only experience with bbq chicken is on a salad
where its good alone
its the exact opposite of the 3 i just listed
chicken is a meat that just sucks without added flavor
dude chicken needs the bbq sauce
scallop, eel, lobster
assuming optimal freshness
seafood is the best kind of meat dude
you aren't eating sea vegetables
ofc seafood is meat wtf
well you said you don't like meat with sugary flavoring
and lamb
or at least seafood
mango is good with most meat
well again i think its meat dependent
idk. it depends on the meat
not like ice cream and your entrée just one the plate
well i guess it also has to be in a way you can get all the flavors in one bite
is boring
like a curry that's strictly spicy
i said food is better when you have flavor variety on the plate
I didn't say you have to cover the meat in other stuff
that if you do mono flavors its boring
anyway the point was though
its a sauce imo
then the bit that remains goes over the steak
you baste it in truffle butter
because that's my favorite thing on steak
but I count butter as a sauce
true
without any kind of vegetables or other flavors
you don't want just heavy steak and sauce
think about a plate with steak on it
the more you can balance the better it is
like sweet savory acidic spicy
the more flavors the better
what
dude
since usually its just pork and chicken
its like Asian food but with higher quality meat
Shrimp &amp; Scallop Har Gow Bamboo Shoots, Chinese Black Beans, Red Chili, Cilantro, XO Sauce
nah they have a few things that sound pretty good
I mean I like the stuff their basing it on
hells kitchen is just classic stuff
that actually sounds interesting enough to try
but wp24 has weird modern Asian cuisine
I want to go to hells kitchen too
aight fine
my heart cause nobody wanted to go to wp24
speaking of breaking things
yikes
idk theyre probably in the attic somewhere
idk we got them free
that's how much they were on preorder or smth
is too much for those things
also 1500
has potential but poorly executed
2/5
looks bad
have to speak to get it to update
tiny screen
just so bad
awful products
no you dont
ugh
speaking of I had 4 of those things
vs google glass and shit
like actual google
but a few things are amazing
most of their shit sucks
google is like france
or galaxy
no I said get an old iPhone 6
so its a mixed bag
but I think most French food falls into the meh or bad category while a few things go to the great
truffle butter steak
I mean some French stuff is good
just keep the pastries and normal meats
itd be pretty fine
I mean if they just cut the weird shit
but almost every steakhouse does it for some reason
its just not good
I'm talking about as a food and especially as an accoutrement to steak
I mean I'm not talking about the method of procuration
and that its literally liver
or have good texture
the fact that it just doesn't taste good
that's not one
of all the things to pair with steak
no fuck you its actually gross
white people with their shitty ass pallates?
who actually likes it
why does every steakhouse do foie gras
you can manage with 64 gigs easily
just move them onto your pc every few months
with pictures
again
nah that's too gay
and go with me to get dank steaks
so imagine you just don't waste money on the phone
cant lose your pc as easily as your phone
100%
should be on your computer
pics and videos
its cheaper and less likely to be lost
just store stuff on pc
64 is enough
the aesthetic is cohesive
nah youre wrong
go with me to get good food
save money
better phone
just get a used iPhone 6
and I want to go
and its not even near 600
for 600 theres also a place in Pasadena with kobe steaks
no so I can get a beef wellington
and we go to hells kitchen
how about you save the 600
ik
your phone is literally just for portable internet access
it is for a phone
its cheaper than on the phone
for about 100 bucks
yea but you can get a terabyte of storage for pc
none of that adds up to more than 30 gigs
books
your pictures
a couple apps
wat are you actually downloading onto your phone
why not just stream the music tho
keep that on your computer
yea no that's actually retarded af
not your porn collection
phones are for the internet and music
unless youre downloading movies 128 is overkill
and its barely 64
I have a ton of videos and pictures
from a Chinese company
you aren't getting quality
its not about specs its about the quality of the parts
don't settle for their shit phones
never settle is right
hmm
gives cheap products
Chinese company
except you get to walk a long ass windy bridge
nothing in san fran is better than la
not better than la
actually the food is aight
but not for a phone like wtf
the food is good
its not bad
like go to san fran
the 6 is still better
I have 2
iPhone x sucks
get with it you tard
parsa the title is god memes only
from san Francisco
do you want to pick up a Chinese phone
why the fuck
gtfo
old ass meme
we saw that
and your ass has more games than I do
I haven't seen your ass above silver 4
mars you wanna talk about hardstuck
so I don't decay
I play once a month
nah
yee
still won tho
he died to kat solo
I think it was him
fuck
ugh
hes awful
I'm tilted off my ass
if this is actually him
fuck
and I cant dodge cause I'm 2-2 in series
with that
cause theres a tf in my lobby
is gross gores league name just gross gore
and shooting niggers
is the video just him dancing crazy
thanks
no one tricks riot
series time
no
more like
absolver
or I kick you again
stop posting pictures of people
and still feel tired
wake up
you guys ever sleep 12-12
yannef
then its pretty viable
except if you play ekko/asol
smite mid is shit
all they do is split and that's just fighting minions
cause top laners don't need gold
lol
never let that cancer through on crab meta patch
ban ww people
also
or even the actual sit in lane doing nothing "gank" that just evens out a losing lane
or walk into lane and shove for your top so they can get your crab
I think fucking pranking might be a viable strat now. just sit in the river bush by where next scuttle is and just zone
unless you want to be level 4 when mid is 6
everyones going to
and since they have to tax now
you cant cuck the jungler well
the thing is that unless youre willing to take smite in lane
either lanes get camped or taxed
and you actually get a pretty big level lead since they don't reduce your xp anymore
once youre equal to lanes then back to farming the jungle
new jungle is contest crabs and tax lanes
gtfo
really
did you say laurel
but in the center its yanny
obv
yanny
tiltproof btw
honor 4 btw
I wish tribunal was still a thing so someone would see my flame
"ez why did you build a qss?"
"to cleanse myself of the experience of playing with you idiots"
ree
wheres team
anyway
that's the best one
yea there you go
ism
bored
apart or a part
is team available
a reference all of 2 people understand
yikes
not too bad
its 33% more gold with one assist
I turn voices off for them
yea but playing those two sucks
its too edgy to be fun to listen to all game
have you heard his voice
drowned man who wants to brutally stab people
no hes definitely edgy
its worse than Camille clear and she only works cause her ganks at 2 are good
w and e are mobility
nah he sucks jg. that clear looks like shit
if he were actually interesting themed I totally would based on the kit
his theme and general edginess is too much to be worth it
same. but I don't support so I cant
his roams and map control have the potential to be nutty
which is the single best vision item in the game
well I think hes good cause now supps can use duskblade
fucking stop
can I gather a team
black now
the cuffs went on and bam
and became black
the moment miles lost his shiny pale white skin
now to snap my fingers and get spoopy vayne
ayyy I finally collected all 10 gemstones
hell yea
terraria
stardew multiplayer?
or still parsa
so did diego have the lowest score
has been really good
and ive been to a lot
but every restaurant at the top of a nice hotel ive ever been to
maybe
I'm just taking the safe assumption its better
and modern cuisine
has a famous chef
and you know
no but its on top of the ritz
even samo does it
what theater still doesn't do assigned seating
and its not as fancy or famous
cause ive been to daikokuya
fuck
which like
but everyone at usc got tickets home for the day after finals
well again I was gonna go with connor
I don't want to have to see if my family wants to go
cmon
yea
connor wanted to go but he went home already
reeeee
that also sounds lit af
that or we should go to hells kitchen
idk. I think the price is totally reasonable. especially for how nice the place is and the guy running it
but for an actual restaurant its about 25
yea sure if you go to a tiny restaurant tucked into one of those pico mini plazas
which isn't bad
so its only 5-20 more
well a normal entrée is like 25
yea its pretty cheap
hes got a few places around la
yea that guy
the guy who runs it has a bunch of Michelin stars and its pretty cheap
its on top of the ritz carlton
also does anyone want to go to WP24
wtf
yo
missions
league
just fucking sociopaths
theyre not even autists tbh
both of you are deep on the spectrum
how the fuck would you two know
should kind of just be natural
but having enough empathy to not be autistic
I mean I agree
shock therapy is always an option
its ok
mars
but nobody else
i expected parsa to get under 30
I mean
how are you fucks so autistic
about expected tbh
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
35
that should be their slogan
so much fun when you aren't 21
vegas
none of these dumb ass no skillshot point and click champs
so that the better you are at dodging wins teamfights
everything should be a skillshot with little or no cc
fuck that
I always wanted horror movie league
that's a pretty hype support
never wanted to use it
always had one
again
i have single player amounts of free time bby
jk fuck league
i cant get a team for league
so I don't use it at school
It just mats my hair down
dude ive always had this thing
hype
its just stardew and skyrim marathons now
when its fucking mars's
and I got an actual headset so you bitches cant say its my windtunnel anymore
oh
you know what that means
alright niggas its summer
and the thing that feminists roast you for having
nah, its the thing that makes you think you need a big pee pee
Edited previous message: rip mars's fragile masculinity
rip mar’s fragile masculinity
i don't have to make my own appointments
dude i love it
bless google
also
not a terrorist boys
its official
goddamnit it crops the retarded out of im slowly becoming retarded
Multi Meme Drifting
yikes
you know, like if the kkk ever goes down
eh you might
that was terrible
1000th is too soon
actually lets say 10000th
and goes to prison
and just beats his ass
finds the 1000th guy who steals baron from him
just gets mad and assaults someone someday
it could be anyone
anger management issues
i gotta say its Michael 2.0
of the 11 in this chat
Michael i don't think youre most likely to end up in prison
you know what tho
but i don't think anyone would end up in white collar prison
yea. its a toss up between white collar prison and solitary
in which case youd probably be put in solitary for it
and if one of you did some serious shit itd be because of a mental break causing you to perform some fucked up act
so youd only end up in there for some serious shit
or get a lawyer to tone down any non serious charges
well nobody is poor enough to lack the mental capacity to avoid prison
i figure if one of us ends up in prison theyd be in solitary anyway
idk
because any option is better than dining hall food
im just telling david its an option
cmonbruh
I'm not threatening to do it
clear a path ;)
time to rent a car
yikes
ever heard of it
quality &gt; quantity
yea but you can get food delivered
not full meals
the only reason to go to the dining hall is for free drinks
or postmates
do you not have restaurants on campus
i have a final in an hour and id love to miss it cause of mexicans
I wish theyd cancel class for strikes
it was disgusting
strikes are aids. I had to walk like 20 feet around a bunch of Mexican janitors
the fact that your social issues actually matter for once?
not by pissing them off with noise and attention whoring
that's how you get people to join your cause
japan did them right. their buses went on strike a few days ago but kept running, just not collecting fares so the company got hurt but the public didnt
strikes are dumb
and had maybe two English signs
well they got kicked out in like an hour
wrote their signs in Spanish so even if we gave a fuck we couldn't understand their problem
fucking mexicans
I remember now
our custodial staff went on strike for a day too
oh shit
who gives a fuck anymore
its been over a year since trump
also protests in 2018 lol what
Edited previous message: game_of_thrones_irl
game of thrones irl
spot mars
were we supposed to say yes to most of these
spermintide lul
ez
therefore he cant win
well we haven't lost to one
mundo sucks
and so the conclusion is
you don't need to heal when your health growth is exponential
so its ideally infinite
he didn't specify a cost for horsepower increase
or risk straight dying before your healing pops off
so either you have to pop early and lose value
when he ult
even if he heals like a motherfucker, when they increase his ult cost hes vulnerable to just fucking dying
yea
especially since his kit is countered by an 800g buy
so it does matter how he does in lane
you can say that about nasus but he still loses games
here i go into chemo again
oh boy
league of legends
you do
you just suck then
well
i probably spend 15% of each game typing
i kind of just troll
nah I think its deserved
its basically normals with pasta
now bitches just int and flame
it used to be chill and people played well
ranked this season sucks tbh
feelsbadman
+24 -17
tell milo to get on league
lul
no
where are you
teeeeeeeeam
aight
so is there a team
heaven
or ban
no spam
orange is bleh
its aight
fucking assholes
cause I forgot to move money last week
I got overdrafted from my bank
lol same
if you say so
ok maybe don't spend 90 bucks impulsively then
for an impulse buy its fine
90 isn't that much
disgusting
no side buttons
why the fuck
this is why we need universal basic income
(puke)
nigger
same
...
what
hype
new patch
like with new ie and his ult armor shred he demolishes tanks
the tank busting part of new ie is probably worth more than the damage on squishies
I don't think yasuo is gonna struggle killing them anyway
holy shit
that's really fuckin gay
what the fuck
what characteristics can you even squeeze into that style
and be like everyone else
well you could get contacts
fuck you stop leaving
idk
lux buffs
whats tomorrow
who wants to play league
omegalul
5 damage
ez
not banned
I hate niggers
how the fuck would they know
fair
no porn
wait
i do
but I don't consent
I think so
you can play the beta rn
it is out
hype
stardew multiplayer beta out
what were you there for
gz
that was actually fun
dude id do another mc adventure
league?
It's pretty near perf
No meming I give it 9.2/10
Nigga
But this time he stays dead
I want an event where GP dies 
david, youre just a meme
macron
fuck
get that teacher fucking piece of shit out of my American chat
auto socialism
I saw macron
no socialism
I hope scarlet witch doesn't die tho
but less probably than the others
widow probably
hawkeye probably dies
cap probably dies
stark has to die
no vision has to die
I think most of them die in the comics actually
cap dies
stark dies
Go suck riots dick so they rig the system for you
No you fucking one trick 
god bless
I'm not the only one
riot cmon
and riven is pretty weak
and magic
also lore yasuo is a lot more op
i get the feeling yasuo is not gonna be titled the unforgiven for much longer
actual character development and lore updates that potentially changes their in game titles...
but they only do that when a lore event is coming soon
its pretty good
they released a three part short story about riven and yasuo
also, does anyone else see a lore event incoming
and not the peak as your real rank
as long as you take the average
again, i think that the individual ranks idea works super well
and its something that they have the tech to detect anyway
the only thing you can do is retroactively ban them for not playing their assigned role
but you cant swap where they physically go in game
its cheating
its like signing up for butterfly in a swim meet then swimming freestyle
so i free win
then i swap back to mid and I'm diamond there
so if i get assigned top which I'm gold in, ill have gold enemies
but they cant change the enemy players
no they can detect what role you actually play in game
whats the other option
that and the average rank change
which is basically smurfing
then just swap and get your main role
play in a lower elo
cause otherwise you get an offrole
in ranked
that should be a ban
also i think that since they have the tech to notice players swapped roles
yea but i want my reward for my rank to last me my whole season
ok then rito
guess i don't have a border 11/12 months of the year
like well shit
also your ranked border being your current rank sucks
then took a hard 180 at the end
and how they almost fixed it
than how shitty ranked is
i think that's a much smaller issue
but I guess yea
get good at jg?
what does that have to do with it
except for how theyre choosing to determine your final rank afterwards
the separate ranks works well
theyre 90% of the way to the right change to make
but its definitely not diamond
like 4 in gold 1 in diamond is plat
you can even weight it towards their highest
and take average rank between roles
just keep their idea rn
fuck that
whats the point of playing anything but jg if riot gives me rewards only based on how well I do in the jg
as people who take the time to learn different roles
so don't give them the same rewards
you deserve that rank
but what theyre doing is saying that if you have one role at x rank
thatd be fine too
if you had individual rank elos and the average was your reward
is the one you get rewards for
theyre encouraging being good at one role because your best role elo
riots taking ranked in the opposite direction it should go
cause nobody is brand new at their role
so its actually a fair match
and eventually, the players will know all roles
so they'll have to learn how to not be affected by mandatory fill
wont climb any more
the people most affected by autofilling
and it changes
if you have to play a specific position each game
theres no autofill
think about it
if your team is autofilled
its not competitive when every game is decided by a dice roll
its about keeping ranked competitive
this has nothing to do with that
in a fair environment
where people want to win
but why bring that cancer into ranked
so you can play for fun
sure
what a fucking nightmare they need to play the game
god forbid they have to play and learn other champs in other positions
cant hit diamond by one tricking panth top if you get top 1/5 games
cause those bitches wont climb to it any more
this affects diamond most
I don't care about them
and they just fucking int
its literally every other game you get one on your team
a lot fewer janna/panth/soraka one tricks hit diamond
the old system worked fine
and play hots like the bitch you are
or leave the game
like if you want to one trick shit stick to normals
and if you get 2 mid one tricks its an instant loss
because my shitty teammates wont do well in every role
your argument that the team has to accommodate one tricks is why they should be eliminated
I can play every role confidently
no
its my fault
its not the other guys fault
then I int
if I give up my lane
its the one tricks job to be able to play what hes needed to
no they arent
it gets rid of the chimpanzees
so if everyone has to now know all roles
and hard int when they dont
where people only know one role/champ half the time
ranked is a fiesta already
fuck them don't play ranked?
but if you have to its fine cause its not your choice
cause if you play an off role normally you just feel like youre throwing intentionally
like youre trolling by picking your off role
idk. I think itd be fun playing more champs without feeling guilty
which is really good
I think it discourages one tricking super hard
etc
then supp
play a game mid, your next is adc
id honestly be fine with making players cycle too
unless you win them all you still wont climb
and you get your role 60% of the time
yea but if you truly are a one trick
and I definitely didn't get both my role and champ in 80% of games
I had to on occasion in the old one
yea but ive never had to play top in the new system
not diamond
so if youre silver-silver-diamond-silver-silver you should be gold
your rank should be the average of your skill across all positions
and get a rank you don't really deserve
I mean I think its a dumb way to cheese the system
except one
and champ
when they suck at every role
still. I think its dumb that players like parsa can get to gold
fine enjoy one tricking
if you main supp
ok sure
but its not the 80% it is rn
sure
it just encourages one tricking
so why let people climb to a certain role on their fav champs
like you aren't a gold player if you are gold in one role, you have to be gold in all roles
fuck you if you cant play every role at a competent level
and just keep the other changes
honestly I think you shouldn't be able to que positions any more
you need a shit ton of time to climb in even 2 roles
and gold everything else
so ill probably look like just a diamond jg
nah it sucks cause I'm actually good at multiple roles but I don't have the time to climb in all of them
that was out of nowhere
I didn't see the individual ranks for roles tho
who saw the fuckton of ranked changes for next season
can we talk about playing league tho
I like bottles
cans you have to finish it all at once
anyone wanna play league
nigga wut
who would want to be part of something danech is in
before I knew I was banned anyway
I wasn't going to return
yikes
just to be sure
and fill it with sand after
and pour lava in it
next time make a pit full of danech's dogs
get good?
guess milo is garbage
yikes
that game triple gay
lock in boys
does anyone wanna q
and no actual profile
summoner name that's a weird string that's too long
wtf is this
fake moba lul
for league
didn't they all leave dota
ye
the piece of shit driver fucked it up
they dropped my fucking order
and took my username
just like his friend betrayed me
betray him
I don't think you need one/they don't require email or anything to make
about your friends
diego were gonna have to have a talk
I don't appreciate that
wheres my team at
we gotta get these new 65g cannons
anyone team
bitch boy you should be able to swim better than a first time
you were on swim team with me
how the fuck do you throw up from swimming
my dad did without asking or anything
the funny thing is I never did any of that
like every other twelve year old
by playing demon hunter
but now, you can get the best of both
edgelord rogues
agility death knights
parsa just sucked at wow
yea for real
id play league but you cucks are never on
Parsa can literally be worth less than a cannon in gold now
8.7 hype
brb I'm on the way there
cancer
that was
just kill yourself
fuckin pixel ree
weeb
these shitposts are out of control
most awkward lunch ever
my parents called me saying they were putting helios down right as I was going to lunch with a bunch of children I was tutoring
who tf are you stalking irl
when statistically it should be mostly mid
this survey sucks its somehow mostly supp
it was against every other movie
Mulan won finals
just like reality
dark skinned savages
be careful
parsa if you talk shit about Mulan rn
I don't see it though
Mulan 2 wasn't even bad
I like it
and still hits the nightmarish/haunted look
its so different from normal edgy
but the art style and intro for nbc gets me
Mulan is the most lit by so much
I still think the 2 best are nbc and mulan
and Ursula is too thick
kiss the girl is rapey af
is better than under the sea
I can paint with all the colors of the wind
most of the other stuff is good
how the fuck did chicken fucking little win
wait it is
why isn't moana on that list
youre objectively wrong
no
mermaid isn't better than pocahontas
who voted those
goofy and wreck it suck dick
idk how that made finals
honestly I didn't like lilo and stitch
and jack skellington is one of the best Disney main characters ever
the first song is epic as fuck
but nightmare before Christmas was epic as fuck
I mean it was good
or however you spell that shit
ratatoui
atlantis
bolt
monsters u
you cant possibly troll so hard as to say brave
this is Halloween fuckboi
and stay out
I'm fine with that
theyre retarded for eliminating nightmare before Christmas so early
at least Mulan won
therefore the build up cannot be far off
is correct
the end result
this chart is correct
Mulan winning
toy story &gt; monsters any
league
tbh
unfortunate
without listening into their conversations
how do you even tell the difference
at least
its always been like 60% white
always wtf
santa monica?
isn't it super cancer pay2play
sounds lit
lul
rat league
wrong chat
about to be
yikes
fag
and or rat league
anyone for league
just 1 more
i finally got my 9th gem
well shit now I kinda wanna try it
wait is voice live
and invite me to a club named bingo
did one of you cucks change names to bingo
vermintide anyone
shes way too thick now tho
I liked the fur thing
vermintide or league
team where
I think someone mentioned vermintide
idk
anyone wanna get rat aids
vermintide?
hes the only one edgy enough
the main character has got to be parsa
aviator is great
doesn't actually feel that strong tbh
same
I wanna play her
shit get me in there
she sounds older now
Boots are always mercs or tabi
Unless you need sustain
Either way phage and tiamat is the way to start
Tri is good against no tanks
I like cleaver and ravenous
Idk. Klepto or glacial
Is this some nightmare where I'm hallucinating samo again
And Cindy yen 
I just saw her
Wait Milo does Jackie yacko whatever go to usc
Not if you want to win
Fiora/diana easy elo
Play heavy splitters
Mars in silver you don't need them to win cause you que mid/top and just shit on the enemy
Fair. Aviator is the best one 
thats really rare
and before you say they can still lose after you help
you have a solid minute to make a play mid/top and set them to win
well considering his first clear sucks and youll likely force him to back during it
so you know he has to be looking top and its not like jax is hard to track
and he cant really gank bot
its on mid to get the deep wards by his blue/wraiths
denying him
cause otherwise your jg would be in his
if hes ganking your team has shit vision
so he has no way out
no jax takes q until 3 anyway
like ive outdueled him on shyv level 2 even when he hit 3 during the fight
and during that third one you jump him
either way you know his path is bottom buff-&gt;camp-&gt; either red/camp 2
or play an equally fast clearer
his fast clear doesnt mean shit when you do one less camp
but fast clear doesnt mean he cant be invaded
ik you arent a jungler
he loses more health than most jgs while doing less damage in a duel
as long as you have lane pressure
every time he either loses flash or dies doing red
with different jgs
dude i literally played that matchup at least 6 times
his third camp is a free kill
he gets low af clearing the first time
in what world lol
or voli
or sej or skarner
nah you cant invade lee or kha
i mean i only hit diamond playing shyv vs jax
Edited previous message: like your top and mid dont let the enemy lanes roam
and he just dies to them
like your top and mid dont let the enemy jg roam
he can be invaded easily and cant gank well
his jungling sucks if the enemy team wards well
if you cant beat him with cc just beat him with damage
yea basically
or any early game bruiser
or darius
play fiora
yea you can
just wave management 1v1s
no skillshots to dodge
all champions should be malphite v malphite
hes a cancer champ
if you have to outplay azir
milo be careful
if she gets an e or r off she just goes through it
also azir ult only stops one dash
i dont think shes a mid laner
what a cancer champ
you have to outplay her
hey but mars
compared to the old one
she looks graceful
like theyre just opening themselves up at that point
without needing to move
shoulder spikes getting grabbed is probably fine when you can blade bend
they might absorb enough force to make it glance off the neck armor
her neck is armored
like a horizontal neck swing gets deflected?
not sure
im pretty sure those are for deflecting a sword or smth coming at your neck
but its a better style
like idc for the composition or anything
now its actually in a good style
nightblade was weeb af
nah aviator and nightblade got buffed big
when silvers should just play annie and malph lol
they think theyre able to play complex shit like that
silver players think yasuo is good
also that
Idk, outplaying should not be a requirement for the enemy to win a fight
you said that abilities shouldnt be balanced around hitting them
like skill shouldnt be determined by dodging or hitting skillshots
but if you say some bronze shit
im not
fair then
i cant imagine they change her in game color scheme
also the in game is probably the same
and diego and i are around diamond
when you literally play in silver
i mean im still triggered that both you and michael are gonna talk shit about how banworthy she is
the randos
mars
r a n d o m s
its distrubing
soloq randos
ive seen retard soloq irelias better than yours
i must have repressed the memories
idk. im using aviator from now on so fuck frostbutt
i dont remember you playing her at all
when did you play irelia
do you even own that skin
who looks at loading screen ulu
if youre gonna ban her
care
michael why do you even are
not really. current frostbutt art sucks
mars i was literally playing her yesterday
is shes the same as current frostbutt
so what youre saying
shes pretty much the same as the current
are you looking at the same art
but aviator has some good art
shes still thicc as shit
frostbutt looks fine
a big part of the game is picking your champion
and use their abilities
you get to pick any champ you want
players do win the game
or hug a wall
like fiora you can not cc into her parry
whereas good champions that are fun to play and play against have ways to outplay them
so you just have to hope they misplay
yea but compared to like fiora you dont have mechanics to outplay people
sit there and bitch when better players fuck you up
just like
cant
for not picking a champ you can display skill on
if they outplay you its your fault
and if theyre worse you win
if you dont want to outplay people pick malphite
wtf do you mean you shouldnt have to outplay to win
which is harder but does more
its like ez q is easy to hit but not rewarding compared to taric q
those work different
not a basic ability
thats an ult
thats how the game is balanced
yes it is lol. the harder it is to outplay the less rewarding it is
yea but thats not balanced around its hit chance
honestly im gonna smurf irelia when shes out
its not hard
just play around shit
like an annie q should hurt as much as a nid spear
so youre saying point and clicks should have the same power as targeted abilities
...
like you have shit like sion scarner sej to ban
i really doubt shes gonna be permad
and youre good
really you just have to be good and dodge the e
if you dont flash or dodge the initial skillshot
her ult stops your autos for a second
like her q is the same
not really because she doesnt have anything more cancer than before
and you can dodge her ult
she cant move during w
you have to be a major chimp to get hit by her stun
she doesnt look that good
and the…idk what else actually
who could forget the dragon change
you chimpanzee retards
he already got one
why is aviator better than frostbutt
you don't even que
fuck you
idk
bird thighs
same
all the ionian girls are tho
hes not thicc at all
nah i main ionian waifus
i main irelia now btw
its so inviting
yea get into this open party
hmm
tabaxi barbarian or African prince
she looks 12 btw
I thought itd be more
ulu
and 99% of Japanese porn
and Japanese hentai
He fapped to it
Rest in piece
Rest in piece
Shopping sucks
Help this is boring as fuck
Very timely
With Kelly and her hot friend but there's a third I need someone to distract
I'm at the crossroads thrift store 
Yo who wants to come down to third rn
i thought his disease was supposed to be deadly
wait he was 76
:thinking:
you know they say that the greatest people stand on the shoulders of giants. it might be hard to stand on his tho
tomorrow is pi day
r i p
kaisa is thiccer
lul
did we get reset in vermintide
kms
his name is warick and morty
fuck
guys theres a ww in my ranked game
hmm
someone in my league club
"when people tell you to stop loligagging
and you're just sitting there like
"did they look at my internet history??""
this channels fuckin weird
stop
wtf
 
./kick doesn't work?
wait
.kick
that
is
wtf
eh that's fine imo
and get good
gotta deny the cannon
it rewards you for kills
less gold isn't bad
did you dematerialize them tho
i mean its not like its huge but that place was chill sometimes
fuck
legit
?
kappa
ez
I carried you
and it was exhausting
we just played with the thot
is there team for vermintide or league to be found
sand anus ftw
same
but thats still 16
i mean we run like double length sessions
for eluras
werent we on like 8
ulu
session 24
that eats people
i want to be a space anus in the sand
and ill make shitty puns as i choke people
and a mask
with a lazer sword
can i be a space knight-wizard
reeeeeee
where are my eyes
i want to be a demon hunter from argus
Camp pain reborn 2.0 when memes
you know what that means tho
:( Aye
and the armor just looks cool
his recall is dank
the zac skin is probably his best
are all legit
even skt syndra
skt jhin
skt olaf
these are just recolors
that were cooler than these
wait skt has some dope skins
those are pretty average
these honor checkpoints are retarded and just plain wrong
"you've gotten 76% more honors for keeping it cool than the average player"
idk why
its doing the first time setup again
vermintide team
w t f
with the guy that waved at you
why didn't you beat up the homeless man
bermintide tho
get me into that league call
is that a league call
id offer but I'm probably the worst for that
ez clap
whos up for league
but I'm back now
killed  by midterms
oof
or am I still good
did they reset levels
rekt
isn't it an ARAB
wait if everyone decides to just go bot instead of mid
reeeeeeeeee
guess whos stuck making another board game with the annoying Korean girl
yonika
just
monkaS
he invented genocide
way to go japan
on subways
oh so its for jacking it
like you pull on it and stimulate your dick
I think its a sex toy
is that a weird fleshlight
of all time
that's the worst fucking pun
dank
and they auto hit whoevers closest
shes too squishy to get into backline range with them like ahri
yea but those bubbles are gonna hit the tanks 90%
shes nerfed rn
those zoe buffs still leave her weak af compared to before
diego wtf is that shit
see you on the beta bitches
20gb ez
lets go
wait shit
whyd he buy it already
you don't get to play the beta if you buy it tho
monkaS
fuckin sellout
howd you get beta codes
cause its not march 8
no
did you play it tho
to fulfill my transgender fantasies
I wanna be the elf chick
if we get vermintide
listen
cmonbruh
but were all too broke for this shit nigga
I mean you all shill for this game
hmu
whos got fat stacks to share
for vermintide 2
lf 26.99
and if people are down they'll say so
just say what you want to play
nay
except sporadically
then never again
wed probably play for like a week or two
ghey
and by story I mean gay fanfic
and write the gamaal story
I mean Id play but I have to write a 4 page paper about a board game I amde
and you literally fucking trolled me last time
team basically means league
people got shit to do
I mean this is midterms week
Michael wtf
why doesn't it work
wait
//kick same/
cancer
legit
what does it take to get fucking banned rito
or scum
4k
and 4k dpi
is using MS paint
I feel like the only excuse for being an adult and drawing something of that quality
both of them make me reconsider my stance on premeditated murder
.
$3
so ill get it in 2 weeks
isn't it in beta
I'm still walking free
also riot doesn't ban shit
yo vermintide 2 looks dank
why are you just coming in and shilling
I gotta play new rengar
lets team
idk ive had fun
yo league is good rn tbh
TEAM
I'm gonna join and not pick a role
if I ever catch anyone in an open party
we gonna play on it
they count as half or smth
even riot sees it
always cool
never flame
you motherfuckers doubted me huh
I ban new stuff because fuck anyone who wants to have fun
you do know he threw demon parts at you
and dragon scales
i get to eat demon hearts
hes danker
idc really
like a level or two above power
im ok with where everyone is rn
yea definitely there
ez
20d6+80
even one round of double disintegrate is busted
yea i think that's too much
no itd be 2 per turn
and thatd be like 5-6 rounds of insane damage
until youre out of spell slots or sorcery points
then double fireball again
then double fireball
yea but if quicken spell let you do 2 spells of any level you could like double disintegrate
or ok
isn't normal
like doing 80 damage in a turn
theres such thing as too much burst tho
not like burn a solid chunk of your power instantly
but i think they did it cause they wanted quicken spell to just mean you get to run twice and cast
but for now i wanna see how it goes
i don't know if i like that much
ok good
if you bonus action cast a spell of level 1 or higher, you can only cast a cantrip with your action
you cant cast 2 spells of level 1 or higher
temp hp doesnt stack, you pick which one to keep when you get new temp hp
didn't i just post a quote from the guide that it doesnt
1d6 per turn -&gt; OH BOY IM A TANK
are you a tanky boi
miles
youre like a squishy fighter
letho is a motherfucking tank
you have like 48 hp
youre not a tank tho
as basically anyone else
pravaal has done like 20x the damage in pvp
you know what tho
ree
and i don't take advantage
just like you don't remind me when creatures have magic resist
if you die cause you forgot to do something you could its not on me
nah im supposed to keep track of the shit that's hitting you
im not gonna remind you
and make a macro for the damage or smth
you haven't remembered once
also make your fucking healing a macro
that's weirdly true
&gt;rolls a 1
but at least youre a kamikaze
so that's quite a way to go
well youre at 1
but hes not that much less intelligent that her
that's true
- cheqir 2k18
just like "well hes already an abomination so you take it"
like cheqir left him to dry when the emperor was offering the phoenix
the dank shit though is how hes kinda been forced by everyone else into these transformations
youd be scared as shit too
imagine if like one of those spooky ghosts from a horror movie tried to hit on you
tryna smash them
looking like an actual fey creature
and this bitch comes up to them
like commoners probably tell tales of fey stealing babies and shit
trying to steal their soul or something
honestly though girls probably think hes some kind of archfey
that's ever girls dream tbh
and he reforms with vines
his eyes glow an unearthly green
this niggas flesh is constantly on display
like you think lethos scary
then again hes one scary dude
its pretty in character
hes tried to smash the maids
increase your meme quality
bad memes aren't accepted here
who put you back in this chat
pick one
or 1 bonus point
so im gonna give inspiration for that
he brought them back like a true cleric
you know what tho
that's what you come up as
all it means is when spells that detect or target alignment
honestly i don't care about alignment
didn't gemi anti ks you
chaotic good btw
but you know what i mean
i guess you didn't kill them
omegalul
cause they had 4 hp
you fucking killed them
and then guess wahat
not commoners with 0
you got mugged by children with +2 and proficiency in sleight of hand
plus i already did that
is unnecessary
but putting unnecessary detail into npcs that will never come up
detail is good
ok what does a barmaid or barhand have a 14 in
its a fucking npc
commoner isn't a tag
commoner
a fucking
is no longer
any commoner with a 14 in a stat
and it makes no difference either way
they've got either a 0 or 1 in all
yea but their stats don't matter
you fucking degenerate
so why do you care about commoners stats
its not worth considering
that's like saying "if by some miracle a level 1 crits the tarrasque to death"
its all the same to you
being swarmed by infinite smiths or infinite maids
so why do their stats matter
and never die
because literally with your current stats you could fight an infinite number of commoners with +1 in con, str, dex, int, whatever
with their pitchforks
who stabbed you to death
dead to a bunch of commoners on board
are you trying to end up lost at sea
youre gonna dodge a sword swing from hay while trying to pick it up
you don't have to avoid and try to hit a stack of hay
doesnt try to hit you
hay doesn't dodge
no its not
just cause you move hay with a pitchfork doesn't mean you know how to wield it as a weapon
just cause you stab people with a spear a lot doesn't mean you know how to throw it
and not a forge tool
because theyre using it as a weapon
1/100
the chance of them hitting is .01
and your ac is 18
when they have disadvantage from lack of proficiency
wont matter
0 to hit or 1 to hit
matter
it doesnt
YOU CANT BE HIT BY EITHER
and you cant not kill them with your dex mod
they cant hit you without rolling a nat 17 or higher
and they have 10 ac
you cant miss because you have a +9 to hit
so basically never hit anything
and have no proficiencies as commoners
they'll die to anything
they have their con mod in hit points
theyre level 0
do their stats matter
its just how it was
men died more than women in those days
alchemical mistake
or forge mishap
or you could die in a field accident
at any time a nobleman can come by and pillage your town or a foreign throne will decide to raid your city
theres never a time where its safe to be a commoner
theres always bandits and noblemen squabbles
also theres no times of peace in medieval days
yea but men are the ones sent to deal with them
whos most likely to be sent to kill them
and this is a world with monsters
yea but war kills a lot of men
in times of war
like the ratio is 55-45 usually
men died a LOT during those days
commoners are probably mostly women tho
i agree that a farmer will have a str of like 12 normally if theyre male and not elderly or children
who likely are the ones with higher str
and not young men
well probably because the population is skewed towards women and children
whatever fucking number you pick to be average will have a 0 modifier, meaning you have an equal chance to fail or pass any task as any other normal person
than normal
14 means youre 10% more likely to succeed at any given task
10 isn't useless, you have the same chances as everyone else for every task
because theyre average people
straight 10s
that's exactly what they have
youre fit
and youre average
well if everyone is fit on average
but average is dumb af
just like 10 can be average
its just average
10 can be buff
that youre exactly average
because that's what having 10 in a stat is supposed to mean
they have stats that vary but the average is 10
and has a 50% to be below 10
everyone else rolls for stats
adventurers are chosen so they get to
because most humans don't stat buy
50% of humans are below 10
wtf are you talking about
because you cant go into decimals for creatures where it logically should be
using integers the lowest is inevitably gonna be a large range
[11:13:22 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: means that 14-15 is the general deviant range

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
which is 68% of people on the graph
which is 0 modifier
the average human is exactly a 10
this is pretty good if you just take each +1 as 2 difference in ability score
not an int of 5
that's mentally retarded
they probably possess the possibility to be taught to read
not for lack of ability, for lack of education or motivation
you could PROBABLY teach the dumbest person to read
which makes sense
that's like the bottom .1% of humans
mild autism
that's just how they set it
yea, the ability to do that is a str of 10
and im not memeing this time
that's how bell curves and averages work
farmers (peasants) have a str of 10
14 is already top 2%
14% at 7 and 13
68% of all people would be between 8 and 12
how is that the general deviant range
because then theres likely a higher point males can get to
you cant realistically say a female can get to that peak
and so whatever you call that peak
theres gotta be some peak that's achievable naturally
and its not a bad idea
or the mortal peak
and the idea is that 20 should be the human peak
its not, but it has an idea for what certain scores mean
so at 19 youre as strong as a 12 foot giant
theres a belt of hill giant strength that sets you to 19
it takes unnatural means like magic to go beyond
20 is literally supposed to be the maximum achievable by mortals
and tons of training
a score of 18 is something you reach with steroids
A score of 10 or 11 is the normal human average, but adventurers and many Monsters are a cut above average in most Abilities. A score of 18 is the highest that a person usually reaches. Adventurers can have scores as high as 20, and Monsters and divine beings can have scores as high as 30.
is it really the peak then
and if females can reach the peak possible
20 is supposed to be the peak possible
aka not lizardfolk
idk. i think its weird for a female pc to have 20 str or 20 con if youre human/elf/dwarf
but its unappealing
it can happen
so its therefore a 2/10 to watch
it just doesn't make for good entertainment
itd be weird even in the context of a game
like would you watch a bunch of dudes sit around and act feminine. like talk about nails and shit
a bunch of chicks sit around and pretend to be masculine af
but that doesn't mean its entertaining to watch
yea ik
i mean in any physical characteristic women wont be at even like an 18 realistically
why would they be female
and for a barbarian whose supposed to be superhuman even among men
the strongest females in the world aren't even top 5% of males
unless youre trying to tell me theyre of a race without sexual dimorphism or a dimorphism towards females being stronger
and its just not possible for females of any mammalian humanoid race
ok but like barbarians and fighters in rpgs are supposed to be like the top of the top of human physicality
as casters or rangers
i always imagine females in rpgs
i still cant
itd be weird
idk. like imagine a barbarian with a female voice
like jarring
its just weird
like hearing a female voice tryna say how they jump into the fray and pull their weapons out
girls trying to be all heroic and shit in combat
nah i think it was some homebrew star trek like thing
oh good its over
and i don't think theyre doing levels
theyre in space or smth
idk. 5 rando girls
and i was like ayy critical role
i saw them streaming
its painful
ive been watching for 5 minutes
the girls campaign is pretty shit
but like in actuality
cant come in here and recycle memes
i said something like "i wish i was a movie critic so i could give it a 3/5"
like 2 days ago
i already made that joke
3/4
and now weve gone full circle
yea and then i just memed him for a while
when normally its not quite as high
you might say that its 5/10
the quality is too high
q u a l i t y
its quite the masterpiece
to complete the meme
note the specific choice of numbers
idk i could've sworn i quoted it from you
average is 3/10
yea but i didn't use the phrase
mars do it
you should rethink it
milo i don't like that life choice
too much sjw
which is sad because an average girl campaign (5/10) is a 3/10 if judged by male campaign standards
no, even for girls campaigns this is a 2/10
tbh
i like that choice
my life choices?
like 2/10
and its awful
geek and sundry rn is streaming an all girls dnd
actually you know whats real tilt tho
and i cant allow that
from going full retard
youre like 2 seconds
jett
not bad
like blacks just killing people that accidentally get too close
i can believe that though
that's actually pretty tilting yea
who built it
wait what
"nah, fuck that"
"huh, maybe we should check it out"
"hey, was there always this big ass city in the jungle"
like google maps
or just a satellite saw them build the hologram
or walk through accidentally
how did nobody detect the holograms
no but like
hit me
like nobody noticed their intermittent development between backwater and futuristic
what was their explanation for why nobody noticed wakanda actually being dank af
both hypocritical and retarded enough
nice terminology
that's actually nigger shit
killing blacks and claiming they matter
af
i thought they were all black
retarded
invincible armor -&gt; unarmed combat
that's like starting with a free deathcap and building ad
are actually cancer
heroes that have some dank equipment but don't optimize around it
but probably not
i might now
nah, I wasn't gonna see it if he just uses his claws the whole time
in the first avengers
like caps shield literally absorbs all the force from thor dunking him
I thought the whole point of vibranium was it absorbed all the force
2/10
fuckin unarmed barbarian
why bother with defensive tactics and evasiveness
if you were invincible why wouldn't you just pick up the biggest and most reckless ass weapon to hit people with
because idk why the fuck he was tryna claw people in the other movies
ok good
or anything that isn't claws
or gun
does tchalla ever pick up a sword
heres the real question
and wasn't it because of a panther god
how much do they have anyway
theyd probably just beat each other to death with it
they wouldn't become wakanda in 50 years
but like if rn I just threw a bunch of vibranium at some random ass africans
I mean that would make sense
usually its not "were gonna explain, but its all gonna sound like bullshit"
or don't try to explain at all
yea but at least they usually go for some kind of realistic explaining
or they found people to teach them and killed or kept them there to maintain there secret
either they stole and imported designs and had a ton of natural geniuses who could reverse engineer them and understand the concepts
without modern electronics or the industry to build a simple engine
wakanda was some tribal shit beforehand
yea but they have education to build on
1/10
and without any leaks
without any outside help
youre saying that they went with the plot that the mere existence of a specific mineral turned a population without modern education into one with future tech
that's dumb
...
and then every child was born a genius afterwards
did they just suddently dig up space metal
when theyre otherwise a shithole in africa
how did wakanda find or produce scientists that invented all those things
ok sure but vibranium existing doesn't mean that theres gonna be people who know how to use it for advanced scientific development
so its not the first time they fucked up
when theyre supposed to be incredibly futuristic
then again marvel made asgardians wield swords
because its otherwise unbelievable
you need at least some realism
you cant build a fantasy on the ground of frankly, nothing
afro-futurism is honestly an oxymoron
without relying too much on suspension of disbelief
how do you convey an advanced society of a people whose defining historical trait is primitive society
actually that's a good point tho
hmm
which is which
primitive tribal practices and advanced society. you need one for a good movie and one to resonate with the black target audience
[10:20:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: 3/10 is average

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
and it was frankly, disgusting
after watching it
I saw a post with a bunch of Africans dancing in a theater
better or worse
compared to other marvel movies
like "average is 3/10" stupid
get your shit together
but like
listen, all I'm hearing here is some nig math which is to be expected after watching a movie like black panther
all I'm reading is you calling 3/10 average
or kick
give the negro panther a 10/10
youre fuckin racist
anyway
what you first said was that the average of movies is 3/10
no, youre saying a 4/10 movie is above average
that would need to be in reference to a larger set
you cant take a full set and say "the average is actually here, at 30%"
I get what hes saying but its dumb
is this shit some kind of smc meme
but all movies ever still average a 5/10
no, youre saying a set of movies containing all that have come out "recently" averages a 3/10
which is a bad thing
is retarded
but what youre saying with adjusting the average to 3/10 instead of 5/10
racism isn't a bad thing
Edited previous message: you cant have an average thats at 30%
you cant have an average that at 30%
what your saying makes no mathematical sense
a 5/10 should be a "bearable"
nothing average should ever be considered good
wtf do you mean that shouldn't be the case
id be down but I'm dead tired
and do I get a reward if I send you back
what fucking zoo did they steal you from
its just the quality of average changes
average will always be 5/10
that's not how averages work
its pretty shit
if its 4/10
listen, 5/10 is average
"4/10" "good movie"
and zoes shit
so does anyone wanna team now that rengars reverted
af
shes actually sticc
is she even thicc
dont do that
thats just not good for you
gtfo
like you take inspiration AND time warp tonic for 35% bonus potion duration
i wonder if it stacks with inspiration bonus
Beyond
REMOVEDCelestial Body
NEWTime Warp Tonic
THIRSTY Your potions, elixirs, and biscuits last 20% longer
POWERTHIRST While under the effect of potions, elixirs, or biscuits, gain 5% increased movement speed
rengar rework
yooooooooo
I think it still does yea?
wasn't he complaining how fiora q procs through counter tho
it isn't?
loser
who doesnt
he probably appreciates it
looks like the kind of girl hes into
how many holes in a straw
yea but like
how many holes does a straw have
yo
not 60
id pay 30 for it
It looks like shit
and blow them up
your tank marks someone in the back and you dash q
but she can assassinate the backline easy af
cause q splits to minions
shes pretty bad in groups
like a botrk and static rush
I think shes gonna be really good with invis build
kogmaw doesnt
or else shes gonna be boring af
her ult better be a short cd
that's nothing
its just a speed boost
e isn't even mobility
but at least shes hot
legit just ult
she doesn't have much mobility tho
Monday-Wednesday is a really bad time to que for me
I got class nigga
Alright team. New champ reveal so it's time to que again
cause they were both fags
or braughan
nah I wanted haughan or whatever
gay
hah
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
that shit was so cringe
Daddy’s 🧔 cummies, 💦 nice 😊 and yummy 😋

Thick 😫👌and gooey, feel like honey 🍯

That sweet 🍭 milk, 🥛 oh-so-tasty 🤤

Daddy, 🧔 Daddy, 🧔 please be hasty!💨

My tongue 👅 swirls 😛 round 🔁 and round 🔁

While Daddy 🧔 gives my ass 🍑 a great big pound 🤜💥

Over 😑 in the corner, wrapped 🎁 in chains ⛓

Mommy 👩 huddled over, screaming 😱 in pain 😪

“Shut up, bitch! 👩 Stay on the floor!”

Mommy 👩 sobbing 😭 louder, I 👧 call 🗣 her a whore

She reaches behind her 👩 for her gun 💀

While Daddy gropes 👋 and tickles 🤗 my sweet 🍬 buns 🍑

Puts the barrel 😛 between 👉👈 her teeth 👄

And Daddy’s 🧔 semen 💦 begins to seep ☔️

Gunpowder, blood, 💉 brains 🧠 and gore 😎

Mommy’s 👩 lifeless 👻 corpse slumps ⬇️ to the floor 😂

Cummies, 💦 cummies 💦 filling my throat

My pussy 🐱 is completely 😍 soaked 💦

But Daddy’s cock 🍆 just gets bigger 😳😲

Over near 😯 the drawers, he grabs the scissors ✂️

Cuts 🔪 a hole 🕳 in Mommy’s 👩 stomach

In her hand, 🤲 a gin and tonic 🍺

He 🧔 begins to unravel her strings of intestines 😝

“Look 👀 closely, you’ll learn 👨‍🏫 a lesson”

Ties a noose, 😔 rigs it tight 😫

“Sweetie, 👧 sweetie, 👧 no need to fight” 👊💥

Puts her 👩 guts 🤤 around 🔄 my neck

“Looks like everything’s good 👍 and set” 👌

Lets me fall down ⬇️ about 🤔💭 a yard

Face 👧 turning blue, choking 🤭 hard 💪

All the while, 🕑 Daddy’s 🧔 stroking his cock 🍆

And for a moment, 😳 our eyes 👁 lock 🔒

Tears 😭 of joy 😊 stream down my face 👧

I’m going to 😵 a better ✨ place~
I wish I was a reviewer so I could give it 3/5 stars tbh
I thought they'd all be blacks
Fake and gay
Miles how black was the movie
cmon bruh
wait i thought it was a romcom
ive got all day
what times are people free tomorrow
It's lit 
It's out 
Gen 3 Pokemon
Campaign when ree 
You can drag anything in mostly
It's really nice
Yea Ik 
When
Campaign?
Nope
At least nobody understands 
Kms
This is so awkward 
I'm at the getty villa rn and my grandparents are just roasting it for not being fancy enough
I'm free all day
Loli Futa Trap
always positive
never ff
me_irl
I thought we were doing 4 with meao for the start of it
or be gay
be team
yea
where are my vros
exterminate dragons
I have no opinion on it
good luck
(porgsurprised)
campaign when
hey michael
wait wtf
which bitch
who did diego punch
team hasn't lived since last week
it cant be done
where is league team
speaking of
yea but you can game there
I just wouldn't if I didn't have screens
why even bother going home
damn
why cant you play videogames
ayy
but
also idk if it was here or what that we talked about tattoos being hot
anyone free this weekend
yo I need playtesters for a board game
shield
door
what about brahm doorshield
does he have a last name
howd you ever come up with it
that's a real original name
gg
THE PIT
hes gay tho
dude
Because memes
But there's that live streamer Hampton Brandon that's a total piece of shit so fuck all Hamptons
Idk who that is
but its NOT something people cant achieve
it IS also an ideal
it IS an adjective you can apply to people
you just expect too much from the word good
youre good
as long as your net sum of goodness is greater than your net sum of evil
many people are good
then, by your logic, people cant be good which just isn't true
you complicate it too much
good is anyone who does their best with righteous intention
that's asking the impossible
you can strive to do better but you can never do better than your best at any moment
theres nothing more to being good
if you did your best and you had good intentions
doing your best is all that counts
so that's enough
you do know that you did your best
you dont
for what you did
no, the knowledge that you did what you could and that it was the best choice should be enough solace
you are a good person
because as long as you have a just reason for doing what you did
you cant be wrong to save the one either
you cannot be wrong
if youre forced to save five people or one and you choose to save the five
regardless of the outcome
therefore I'm good
my intent was to help them
no
am I then retroactively evil
but then someone gets mugged deposting it
like if I decide right now to give 1000 to everyone on my floor
that makes no sense
but you cant say someone who did things with the best intentions in mind but ended up making things worse was evil
sure, don't judge them on their word
if, with the knowledge they had, they made the choice they think is right, then you cant retroactively say "well now that its the future we know that your choice had complications, so youre evil"
that's not a thing. you judge a person based on their intentions rather than their actions because you have knowledge they did not
like I can take a checklist and see "yup got all the tickmarks"
and that theres some measure that makes a person good
you just think that good is something objective and quantifiable
then you are a good person
it literally doesn't matter what you do, so long as you do it with good intentions
when you have a decision to make and you choose the one you believe is righteous, you are good
and he goes on to start ww2
you can choose to raise him better but you might die the next day
you cannot know past the moment you have the choice
its good because youre preventing the holocaust. if you allow him to live, you risk the possibility of it
its quite the paradox of awful
but It manages to be worse as well
its got the quality of literal shit
nigger shit song
shitty ass
what the fuck is that
why not just the typical classical score tho
for a movie?
unfortunate
not a fan
his voice
that didnt
one
link on
or like video game events
electric for clubbing only
wtf
rohits a weird motherfucker
just not my thing
some of them are also too electric
but nothing amazing
without them its ok
idk i cant get into any of these once the vocals start
I liked it until the rapping
yea same
I honestly just don't like rap. especially not as a movie score
please say the movie doesn't use this much
at all
I did not enjoy that
duh
because black people rap
anyone
leauge
gay
because
kms
on one dumbass assignment
legit 12 hours today
Edited previous message: I just spent
I just spend
aquarium complete
can you fucking not
tfw you log into league just to get the skin
I'm 11k off
shit
miles how close are you to getting the new races
thank you
I'm really into that picture david
how could you
you made david rq
if you spam
the answer is no
or I report
bring it back
only hard r
too many of them
fucking nine
on call just now
The main problem area for Ones and Nines has to do with the opposite ways that they deal with conflicts and rising stress. Ones tend to become more openly frustrated with themselves and others and with the feeling that things are not going as they should. They begin to exude a prickly anger, edginess, and dissatisfaction with everything and everyone. They become obsessed with finding who is at fault, and with legislating how things could be improved. By contrast, when conflicts and stress increase, Nines begin to shut down and withdrawn. They become less effective at correcting problems and less able to speak about their feelings or discomfort. The worse things become, the more Nines attempt to tune them out while maintaining that nothing is the matter. Thus, judgments about the Nine's judgment and competence and willingness to take responsibility taint the One's dealings with Nines, while resistance and denial of problems (with a barely suppressed undertow of anger) infect the Nine.
The combination can be very powerful: they accomplish things with a clear cut sense of purpose and personal mission. Both are decisive and direct, although Eights bring a passion and gusto that counterbalances the One's self-restraint and propriety. Ones can find Eights exciting, physical, and earthy-all the things that they restrain in themselves. Thus, there can be a strong attraction from both sides. Further, Eights recognize that Ones are as strong-willed and determined as they are: they cannot easily sway or bowl over Ones. Eights thus admire their conviction and are attracted to the challenge of getting closer to Ones. In many ways, these two types are opposites-the pirate and the schoolteacher-although both could learn a great deal from the other, if they are willing to listen to someone with such different values, reactions, and ways of doing things.
diegos quiz
what type are you
parsa
feelsbad
yea but what level of 5
but you gotta be there 50% or more
look, you can peak into a level
which is a difficult as fuck task
it means though that you think the best of people you meet
which is kind of difficult to maintain
but "being" a level implies that you're like that most of the time
yea but the jump between levels isn't as big
or confucious
and being mlk
that's the jump between being a good person
Level 1 (At Their Best): Become extraordinarily wise and discerning. By accepting what is, they become transcendentally realistic, knowing the best action to take in each moment. Humane, inspiring, and hopeful: the truth will be heard.
its basically "be fuckin ghandi/Buddha"
type 1 has the hardest level 1 to achieve tho
are pretty simple
honestly level 2 and 3 for 1
Level 2: Conscientious with strong personal convictions: they have an intense sense of right and wrong, personal religious and moral values. Wish to be rational, reasonable, self-disciplined, mature, moderate in all things.

Level 3: Extremely principled, always want to be fair, objective, and ethical: truth and justice primary values. Sense of responsibility, personal integrity, and of having a higher purpose often make them teachers and witnesses to the truth.
except level 1 which is probably the hardest of all
but higher levels for type 1 aren't as hard
im openly level 4-6 90% of the time
i admit my problems
not a great mediator
not a great mediator
you consistently let us flame each other
with jet
didn't i just flame 2 people yesterday
oh shit im honor 3
were not old enough to be consistently in the 1-3
just like everyone else here
mars youre a level 4
it always does that for him
shit
well
yea but i want to hear him admit it
will you accept that fact
if i tell you rn that youre a bitchmade man
at a 2
mars are you ever
same
these are yours
Type Nine—Levels of Development
Healthy Levels

Level 1 (At Their Best): Become self-possessed, feeling autonomous and fulfilled: have great equanimity and contentment because they are present to themselves. Paradoxically, at one with self, and thus able to form more profound relationships. Intensely alive, fully connected to self and others.

Level 2: Deeply receptive, accepting, unselfconscious, emotionally stable and serene. Trusting of self and others, at ease with self and life, innocent and simple. Patient, unpretentious, good-natured, genuinely nice people.

Level 3: Optimistic, reassuring, supportive: have a healing and calming influence—harmonizing groups, bringing people together: a good mediator, synthesizer, and communicator.

Average Levels

Level 4: Fear conflicts, so become self-effacing and accommodating, idealizing others and "going along" with their wishes, saying "yes" to things they do not really want to do. Fall into conventional roles and expectations. Use philosophies and stock sayings to deflect others.

Level 5: Active, but disengaged, unreflective, and inattentive. Do not want to be affected, so become unresponsive and complacent, walking away from problems, and "sweeping them under the rug." Thinking becomes hazy and ruminative, mostly comforting fantasies, as they begin to "tune out" reality, becoming oblivious. Emotionally indolent, unwillingness to exert self or to focus on problems: indifference.

Level 6: Begin to minimize problems, to appease others and to have "peace at any price." Stubborn, fatalistic, and resigned, as if nothing could be done to change anything. Into wishful thinking, and magical solutions. Others frustrated and angry by their procrastination and unresponsiveness.

Unhealthy Levels

Level 7: Can be highly repressed, undeveloped, and ineffectual. Feel incapable of facing problems: become obstinate, dissociating self from all conflicts. Neglectful and dangerous to others.

Level 8: Wanting to block out of awareness anything that could affect them, they dissociate so much that they eventually cannot function: numb, depersonalized.

Level 9: They finally become severely disoriented and catatonic, abandoning themselves, turning into shattered shells. Multiple personalities possible. Generally corresponds to the Schizoid and Dependent personality disorders.
you know those are the levels for type 8 right
&gt;plays a barbarian
Healthy Levels

Level 1 (At Their Best): Become self-restrained and magnanimous, merciful and forbearing, mastering self through their self-surrender to a higher authority. Courageous, willing to put self in serious jeopardy to achieve their vision and have a lasting influence. May achieve true heroism and historical greatness.

Level 2: Self-assertive, self-confident, and strong: have learned to stand up for what they need and want. A resourceful, "can do" attitude and passionate inner drive.

Level 3: Decisive, authoritative, and commanding: the natural leader others look up to. Take initiative, make things happen: champion people, provider, protective, and honorable, carrying others with their strength.

Average Levels

Level 4: Self-sufficiency, financial independence, and having enough resources are important concerns: become enterprising, pragmatic, "rugged individualists," wheeler-dealers. Risk-taking, hardworking, denying own emotional needs.

Level 5: Begin to dominate their environment, including others: want to feel that others are behind them, supporting their efforts. Swaggering, boastful, forceful, and expansive: the "boss" whose word is law. Proud, egocentric, want to impose their will and vision on everything, not seeing others as equals or treating them with respect.

Level 6: Become highly combative and intimidating to get their way: confrontational, belligerent, creating adversarial relationships. Everything a test of wills, and they will not back down. Use threats and reprisals to get obedience from others, to keep others off balance and insecure. However, unjust treatment makes others fear and resent them, possibly also band together against them.

Unhealthy Levels

Level 7: Defying any attempt to control them, become completely ruthless, dictatorial, "might makes right." The criminal and outlaw, renegade, and con-artist. Hard-hearted, immoral and potentially violent.

Level 8: Develop delusional ideas about their power, invincibility, and ability to prevail: megalomania, feeling omnipotent, invulnerable. Recklessly over-extending self.

Level 9: If they get in danger, they may brutally destroy everything that has not conformed to their will rather than surrender to anyone else. Vengeful, barbaric, murderous. Sociopathic tendencies. Generally corresponds to the Antisocial Personality Disorder.
5 is engineers
and artists
4 is musicians
sad
4 was 4th
why wasn't i 4
i really like 4
you just may not put the right one down
its easy to lie to others but you can never lie to yourself so you always know the answer to your question
or prone to depression
like most people can admit when theyre motivated by fear
but its not that unusual
yea it takes a certain level of self awareness
sounds like the kitchen to me
peacemaker enthusiast helper
youre basically a girl
so like
with a 2 secondary
well youre a nine
ayy
: )
you feed like a cuck
mars
The main problem area for Ones and Nines has to do with the opposite ways that they deal with conflicts and rising stress. Ones tend to become more openly frustrated with themselves and others and with the feeling that things are not going as they should. They begin to exude a prickly anger, edginess, and dissatisfaction with everything and everyone. They become obsessed with finding who is at fault, and with legislating how things could be improved. By contrast, when conflicts and stress increase, Nines begin to shut down and withdrawn. They become less effective at correcting problems and less able to speak about their feelings or discomfort. The worse things become, the more Nines attempt to tune them out while maintaining that nothing is the matter. Thus, judgments about the Nine's judgment and competence and willingness to take responsibility taint the One's dealings with Nines, while resistance and denial of problems (with a barely suppressed undertow of anger) infect the Nine.

It is difficult for Nines to step up to the plate and take the level of responsibility that Ones are looking for. The more Ones push Nines to respond in the way they want, the less Nines are willing and able to do so, and they retreat into more widespread passive-aggressive behavior. To Ones, this feels like willful resistance and culpable negligence. The quiet indifference of the Nine only infuriates the One all the more. In short, it is difficult for Ones to respect Nines, just as it is difficult for Nines to feel comfortable with (and able to express themselves to) Ones. Ones eventually become more self-righteous and intolerant while Nines become more uncommunicative and stubbornly unresponsive. Others find it very difficult to be around this pair because of the obvious, painful zingers pointed at the Nine by the One-and because of the aura of barely suppressed rage coming from the Nine. This couple gets frozen in their anger, with no way to melt the impasse.
its ok we can still be friends
 Usually, the Nine's reluctance to get into conflicts is the easiest way to discern these adjacent types. Average Nines want to maintain peace in their lives, and while they may hold strong personal convictions, they generally do not want to argue about them with people–especially people with whom they have an emotional attachment. For Ones, however, the principle is foremost, and Ones will drive home their point to convert the other to their view, even if it risks creating upsets and arguments. ("The truth is the truth.")
theyre not that different i guess
yea but logically based on results id be 1w5
1 only has wings 9 and 2
1w9 tho somehow
1 5 3
Basic Fear: Of loss and separation
Basic Desire: To have inner stability "peace of mind"
Enneagram Nine with an Eight-Wing: "The Referee"
Enneagram Nine with a One-Wing: "The Dreamer"
the whole spectrum
thats
9 5 1 wow
this is pretty interesting
and also compatibilities/misidentifications with other numbers
and it brings up a ton more info
you can click them
on the list of types
now i see it
on the list of 1s
fucking confucious
but at least not 9 either
never 2 or 1
ive been everywhere from 3-8 on that list
i mean ill be honest
depending on how absolutely tilted i am
between 4-6
on that scale
im like a 4
you are
no its what level of (one/five/nine)
its also got personal growth recommendations
scroll down on your number
Type One—Levels of Development
Healthy Levels

Level 1 (At Their Best): Become extraordinarily wise and discerning. By accepting what is, they become transcendentally realistic, knowing the best action to take in each moment. Humane, inspiring, and hopeful: the truth will be heard.

Level 2: Conscientious with strong personal convictions: they have an intense sense of right and wrong, personal religious and moral values. Wish to be rational, reasonable, self-disciplined, mature, moderate in all things.

Level 3: Extremely principled, always want to be fair, objective, and ethical: truth and justice primary values. Sense of responsibility, personal integrity, and of having a higher purpose often make them teachers and witnesses to the truth.

Average Levels

Level 4: Dissatisfied with reality, they become high-minded idealists, feeling that it is up to them to improve everything: crusaders, advocates, critics. Into "causes" and explaining to others how things "ought" to be.

Level 5: Afraid of making a mistake: everything must be consistent with their ideals. Become orderly and well-organized, but impersonal, puritanical, emotionally constricted, rigidly keeping their feelings and impulses in check. Often workaholics—"anal-compulsive," punctual, pedantic, and fastidious.

Level 6: Highly critical both of self and others: picky, judgmental, perfectionistic. Very opinionated about everything: correcting people and badgering them to "do the right thing"—as they see it. Impatient, never satisfied with anything unless it is done according to their prescriptions. Moralizing, scolding, abrasive, and indignantly angry.

Unhealthy Levels

Level 7: Can be highly dogmatic, self-righteous, intolerant, and inflexible. Begin dealing in absolutes: they alone know "The Truth." Everyone else is wrong: very severe in judgments, while rationalizing own actions.

Level 8: Become obsessive about imperfection and the wrongdoing of others, although they may fall into contradictory actions, hypocritically doing the opposite of what they preach.

Level 9: Become condemnatory toward others, punitive and cruel to rid themselves of wrongdoers. Severe depressions, nervous breakdowns, and suicide attempts are likely. Generally corresponds to the Obsessive-Compulsive and Depressive personality disorders.
wtf is wrong with my keyboard
1 is good 9 is badd
1-9
they have levels of number-ness
absolutelynotme_irl
They become detached, yet high-strung and intense. They typically have problems with eccentricity, nihilism, and isolation
yea, i don't have the autistic determination of 5 ulu
than 1
i mean i also think 5 was better for me
people who are 1s
fuck being like a famous philosopher or sjw, i wanna be like bin laden
me_irl
that last one
Examples: Confucius, Plato, Salahuddin Ayyubi, Joan of Arc, Sir Thomas More, Mahatma Gandhi, Pope John Paul II, Nelson Mandela, Margaret Thatcher, Prince Charles, Kate Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge, Jimmy Carter, Michelle Obama, Al Gore, Hilary Clinton, Rudy Giuliani, Elliot Spitzer, Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, Osama bin Laden,
kappa
Nines = women
riiged
and i got like 10.8 9.7 8.3 or smth
for me
none of these types were that good
maybe
i literally answered that i don't on the quiz
i don't have morals
cause I got 1-5-3
is one moral
Gross
which type is the insecure bitch
faker is the future hashinshin wants
if its true then you wouldn't be the kind of person with the self confidence to admit its true
whos ever gonna say yes to that
wtf is that
"I accumulate lots of knowledge to counteract my lack of self-confidence."
and therefore have to answer no
also why are half these questions "I'd answer yes but i don't do it from a lack of self esteem or fear"
why is it orange
because whoever wrote this is a pussy with depression and self confidence issues
i got 1
fuck you this test just makes me feel like a bad person
cucks
get in this lobby
me too
from the eu
is a good storyline
that there
yes grandmaster luke facing literal gods was better
just the shows I guess
ye
idk
I think the games are canon?
so I'm happy its gone
but the eu sucked
yea I mean it was EU which wasn't canon it just wasn't explicitly non-canon
which wasn't canon
it was EU
his body hopping was never canon
so sidius is still the same sidius
plageuis is still canon
borg2.0
and the vozoon or whatever
no they cut the EU stuff like grandmaster luke
aka "I'm evil"
palpatine has no motive except "I'm evil"
the sith were the most basic ass villains of all time
yea but it made it 7/10 to 9/1-
.
there was vader in that
that's like 200 oranges worth
nigga has so much juice
he definitely has the juice ok
wutface
also star wars movie without the force
"I'm putting together a crew"
just like mars and milo
after parsa left
i called the enemy team a bunch of fags yesterday
still tho
rip
wtc
I'm about to ban him too actually
in like 90% of rando games
youre basically positive compared to me
wait how tf are YOU banned
Niggers are not people, they are subhuman waste
Niggers are not people, they are subhuman waste
Niggers are not people, they are subhuman waste
Niggers are not people, they are subhuman waste
Niggers are not people, they are subhuman waste
Niggers are not people, they are subhuman waste
Niggers are not people, they are subhuman waste
Niggers are not people, they are subhuman waste
Niggers are not people, they are subhuman waste
Niggers are not people, they are subhuman waste
Niggers are not people, they are subhuman waste
I can do sunday
in week 3
fucking exams
same
don't toucha my sphaget
?
cmon
wheres team
yea
totally forgot
we
yes bitch
go to school
mimics
fucking
doki doki slav club
do that
aren't you playing league
this
doing
you
are
why
s
y
k
get me next one
actually no I'm writing
me too
no I want kbbq
me sad
:(
Artisinal Africa
ye
cause theres no team on rn
no
thanks
me too
it works in diamond
goodbye mark
you what
would play
Lucius Malfoy the champion
where are thou
TEAM
feels like team
speaking of cuck porn
and sayori
that's monika
cant get that in 3d
&gt;
but I don't see any
so is not being team
wutface
porn with men in it?
3d porn?
and cut out tampon strings to seal it shut
ran out so we used bandages to tape up the rest of the box
raided a med cabinet for their tape
best boardgame class project ever
is there a normie team rn
damn that confidence tho
red
best skin easy
and white af
shes still blue eyed without epicanthic folds
i think they made her younger actually
its rounder
face isn't as oval
poutier lips that aren't as wide
added red eyeshadow and changed eyetint to red
the differences are pretty minor
lips
i REALLY like the color red
remember how ive said I really like the color red
amazing
the facial improvements on the art
new lux is better than elementalist
11/10 rito
and now I like it more
then I saw the splash
I liked the lux skin
xayah has one big ass hand
its good tho
they changed lux's look
when hearthstone isn't good enough
how the fuck is 8-2 from diamond only plat 2 placements
the classic fakku Friday que for draft instead of ranked
just "HOLY SHIT COME HELP ME REEEEEEEEEEE"
Ive never heard any of you fuckers call where you are
that one doesn't apply to us
cyber bullying is a problem among the squirrel population
where is team
like rem
its trash
yea don't bother
so i decided to be a weeb for a bit and figure it out
but nobody was team and i was bored
I'm like 4 months late on this meme
is there a team to be gathered
but will you call in class
we had a positive wr
I miss winning games already
new missions
guys team
don't make you team
that theres a turn 2
your meta is so fucking old
bitch please milo and I know this shit
for lux mastery
that means its team time
I'm deeply aroused
that red one
ayy done with the week hype
kappa
hell yea
id prefer an ez/mf meta
she has a star guardian skin
I like mf
might as well look good
Edited previous message: which is inevitable
which is inevitabe
dude if youre gonna int
or whatever
or pool party
everyone get a fucking star guardian skin and just be the degenerate skin-coordinating tryhard fucks in normals
WAIT I LOVE THAT
like wtf is that greedy shit blizz
its just 12 chromas for each hero
its actually so retarded I uninstalled
did you see the 300 ish new shit skins
speaking of deadgames
where are you
team
after dinner
vro
for the daily mission
is there team
and either way you answer youre a pussy or a degenerate
theyre kind of the same thing
the most rigged question on that quiz is do I like the romantic part more or the sexual part more
youre a bunch of fucking degenerates wtf
;)
cause I do
like do you get off on flaming your team
which is the funniest part about it
that's not even an exclusively sex thing
it kind of implies you don't like fucking
mars it may be weird that you don't have vanilla in the top 5
"chorizo is a spice"
call me when team happens
for trouble
I'm looking
whytho
but
like a damn homunculus
ree
the novelty wore of real fast
I mean you could watch the homunculus stream or you could team
snitches get stitches
cant buffer ult
but also fuck ori
that's some weird ass logic
wheres team
.
and don't think too hard about it
team
idk
is that better
GAY TEAM
team.
or cancer pub
reegue
pubg LUL
same
where is team
but like I live with 3 girls who also can...
blizzard pls rename
I feel that the archetype would be more popular if it was relatable
why is enrage warrior not called self harm warrior
I just got back but if you guys are still there Ill head over
Happy New year cucks
Also Francis of the filth is dead
Text them Diego
It's sad
Kids these days don't know who zone-tan is
improvement
7 day delay down to 30 min
fuck you parsa
that's just part of being ahead
faker ints and tries to ff too
it was the opposite of what everyone expected
I liked it
league LUL
is the one case having a job isn't cancer
well like job vs doing woman's work at home
and i was really confused
i thought you meant literally walking outside
oh
unless youre on house arrest I guess
going outside isn't a privilege...
or like learn to say no
you should ask for pay
robots need wifi
ur dad may be bigfoot
or any internet
how the fuck does he live without wifi
is your dad even human
TEAM
^
where are you
reem
and your card dies faster
power costs more than you make tho
that's not the name of the game
I can team tho
same
he was actually pretty good
rule 1 applies here I guess
oh no
my support is literally "boosted monkey"
same tho
also old people + skype lul
what are time zones
theyre across the ocean
team is doing
depends what
.
merry chrismas bitches
khattab is a known hero
of course
by the grace of god our freedom fighters will undermine the imperialist regime until the true caliphate rules  the breadth and width of god's given planet
we must strike fear into the hearts of the nonbelievers
the infidels have to know that allah does not approve of their greedy capitalist ways
i don't think I'm getting invited to dinner again
I explained to my family the righteous path of jihad all night
"damage down from 120-&gt;100"
"REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE UNPLAYABLE"
if you think that's bad you should see people on gaming subs when shit gets nerfed
keep to the side subs
gotta stay off the front page
no shit
s a m e
I watched it a few times and I kept feeling I knew one of the two
no wonder
legit just on the front page
and I thought it looked familiar but I don't remember why
like an hour ago
I saw it on reddit
still?
the autistic ramblings of neckbeards in their basements wiped out by the titan that is mickey mouse
its as if thousands of fanfics cried out and were silenced at once
it means its time to team
shit was lit
I just saw tlj again
TEAM
anyone wanna play league
team
that's a first
its the one people wear with the glasses
there is a school of the viper set
you didn't like grandmaster bear?
we all know that the toxin abuse build is the best
what a fucking noob
since you average what like 8
I was gonna say dead
be the opposite of a god
you should play league
where are you
team?
anyone up for league
psychic powers
cause yuri is better
i didn't ever pay attention to her
did she
after all, monika murders everyone else
plus i think they all love you
;)
yuri sucks you off
so that's neat
also shes psychic and can induce bloodlust
shes the only one who read books at the LITERATURE club
yuri was the best
shes the worst
sayori sucks
diego i need you to understand
or read this
you gotta watch the previous one too
im gonna warn everyone except sayori in the next game
its her poem
then to base 64 then to text
then convert the black and white in the center to binary
if you convert her .chr to a png
Can you hear me?

...Who are you?

I can't...I can't see you.

But I know you're there. Yeah...you can definitely hear me.

You've been watching for a while now, right?

I guess I should...introduce myself, or something. Um...my name is...actually, that's stupid. You obviously already know my name. Sorry.

Anyway...I'm guessing if you were able to put a stop to this, you would have done it by now.

I mean, I know you're not, like...evil, or anything...because you've already helped me so much.

I should really thank you for that. For everything you've done. You're really like a friend to me. So...thank you. So much.

I think...more than anything else...I really don't want it to all be for nothing.

...

Everyone else is dead.

Maybe you already know that. I'm sure you do, actually.

But...it doesn't have to be that way, right?

Well...there's a lot of stuff I don't understand. I don't know if it's even possible for me to understand it.

But I know that this isn't my only story.

I can see that now. Really clearly.

And I think everyone else has had the same kind of experience. Some kind of deja vu.

It's the Third Eye, right?

Anyway...I could be totally wrong about this. But I really think you might be able to do something.

I think you might be able to go back...or however you want to put it...

...To go back and tell them what's going to happen.

If they know ahead of time, then they should be able to avoid it.

They should...if they remember their time with me in the other worlds...they should remember what I tell them.

Yeah. I really think this might be possible. But it's up to you.

I'm sorry for always being...you know...

...

Never mind. I know that's wrong.

This is my story. It's time to be a fucking hero.

Both of us.



2018
monika the hero
its lit
diego did you see the libitina stuff
monika
its time to play more lux and pad my stats
theres only one conclusion
like its just you
jett isnt
Michael isnt
parsa isnt
mars isnt
diego isn't a support main
fucking jungle mains got more gold than you guys
youre all broke af
as far as mains go
which i didn't try as hard as when i was climbing in
yea but those were after hitting plat games
yea which is weird cause i trolled a lot of those
i had 7.4 cs on xayah
but like yea that's against silvers
moi is the only account i looked at with better gpm
lmao ez game
nah a lot of those games were actually him
jerrys?
who was i playing fiora on
wait it has only 10 fiora games
which is all me
its most played is fiora
wait ive played on that a lot more than you have
i die less than you
ye
wtf
hahahhaha
I WARD MORE ON MY SMURF
id assume
some smurf in bronze
n e v e r
with like 75% accuracy
who needs wards when you can mentally track the jg
of everyone i checked i have the highest gpm
those shits don't matter at all
theres no words for how little importance i put on warding
parsa averaging 2.5 cs
but who doesnt
apparently you ward more than me tho
mars I'm near 100 gpm on you
or no balls
balls
supports just run away
that makes sense
i feel like i had one game?
did i play twitch this season
wtf kind of stat is this
6.1k damage per death on twitch
i must play for late super often
7 months ago
my longest game of the year was 47 min
its literally been months
dude when was the last time we played a 40+ minute game
its not like i went late game that often
my average game time is pretty short tho
if i warded more id be too good
its like training weights
but better everything else
i have less damage mitigation and wards than average
nah fuck that
gut gpm
.2
literally the 2 worst farming roles
42% jungle
git gud
milo my gpm is a solid 40 over yours
i supported a lot this season
that's way better than i thought
my kha win rate is 66
that's cheap
oh
howd you know
you know whos my most played champ of the year tho
kappa
a solid 53% of my honors are for tilt proof
i really thought i had more
wtf
I only had 3 pentas
that was retarded
that one
oh yea
that's intersting
we have exactly the same fastest baron
troll sup doesn't farm
fuckboi
I have more cs than you
that's retarded
oh it counts support games
how the fuck do I average 4 cs a minute
where you at
team?
wheres [B]avid's
mine is the one where people team
yo wheres the team
omegaLUL
soda streaming doki doki
meme
I have cancer
no
yea but is anyone team tho
who is that clown
there IS a good ending its just really hard to find
they even made his splash art gay
some light pre-sleep cancer
or cuck game
anyone wanna play salem
rood
can I get a team
david shoot me at the water treatment
that's why I needed like an hour to be team
so I went back to my dorm computer
idk he never showed up
where art thou
team tho
that's fucking retarded
looking for: team
time: like in an hour
well he doesn't like me saying that all Chinese are braindead animals that should be hunted down with dogs like the vermin they are
and I can be as racist as I want now
ayyy yo bitches my faggot ass roommate is gone so lets play video games
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeb
touch luck spooked cuck?
rame
reem?
not as good as last one
its alright
team where are you
team?
anyone
league?
yea but like wheres the team at
same?
i just perfect gamed togwaggle as buff paladin
I swear mage is just cancer for dungeon run
lets go patrol
fuck you
yo wheres team at
is out on eu
also kobolds and catacombs
don't pornstars usually get married to other pornstars
any teammates back
that's just unrealistic
what kind of level 3 kills a dragon
blizzard why
yo nigs
but its really anthrax
that says protein powder
or we send him flour
typing is gay
over voice
we can just discuss fucking with him
anyway TEAM
lmao
trainer
elements
4
is a lot of commitment
5 bucks just to fuck with him
you should start the team
poorly
team it be?
kappa
me
ye
#
metoo
get on league then
whos got the balls
whos gonna team
"Your story is revenge with guns and ghosts. How droll." -Jhin to Lucian
no
the old story was literally just "forbidden pit" "family dead" "goes into pit"
find out what happens next at 11pm on fox
vs MAN SACRAFICES EVERYTHING TO SAVE HIS CITY
at least this is somewhat unique
the old lore was the most clichéd piece of shit ever
come out the door
I never team with you anymore
cmon lets go and play
do you wanna play league of legends
TEAAAAAAAAAAAAM
vro get on league
news
fake
ill fuckin shoot up the school
or pubg
play league nigs
yea but he penetrated azeroth first
"DAMN NIGGA LOOK AT THAT FIRECROTCH"
did everyone who saw sarg in the sky see his dick
is team done eating
blizzard wtf have you done
so many questions
sanjuro confirmed working for blizzard
begone thot
and theres being so undeniably wrong that the basic human decency within us cant allow you to remain
theres being a cuck
get out
who the fuck didn't vote for dual
where is team tho
shit
aka
random
its
new urf is shit
whos up for league
wheres team at tho
rip
suck my honor infused dick
guess whos honor 5 bby
its too hot out rn
league is up bois
yea ok
id team but league isn't up yet
its not that bad
its a medium range skillshot that doesn't count distance when travelling through walls
get me in coach
sure
yea but team tho
I'm not over it
kevin you stole my cs once
third
and went one for one on the second
but i soloed him twice
dual tried to roast me when we were in an ahri mirror
I mean kevin ive flamed you
dual_irl
dual is a grade A cuck
were in the other call
team
:thinking:
but have you heard of edgy traps
you've heard of traps
men only want one thing and its fucking disgusting
but team tho
lmao nah
sup
anyone free to play some cancer shit
LEAGUE
wtf kind of jewery is this
actually this whole game is really sarcastic
and my testicles retreating
about my sperm dying
when i went in the ice water
i got a bunch of really sarcastic dialogue
yea i died to a mooselion
but i have to actually play the game wtf
according to reddit
its supposed to be sakura avatar
I didn't sign up for this
why is there real gameplay
kms
hiking and group projects
yea
finally done with a day of disgusting social activity
any league or pub team?
its pretty cool looking
cmere
jett
davai
right at the gates
then instead of winning you just off each other
tfw you and your squad kill 20 at school
where is the team tho
not till 1
youre late
everyone
whos coming
we need 1 for league
TTTTTTTTTTTEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
teeeeeem
I'm ready
coach
me_irl
and you have midterms
when preseason hits
last year
hes too good to play with you fags
mars is silver lul
preseason is always fiesta
aka until season 8 starts
2 months
but more telegraphed
like an ahri charm
that e seems so easy to dodge
that's kinda weird
besides the wall bonus range
whats hard about it
its a line skillshot
its like with all the new mages
her skill ceiling is way higher than anyone thought
and then everyones gonna realize
I guarantee you were gonna get a video of faker on zoe
getting the most out of q is hard
is gonna be hard
optimally using the ult
I think if you try it shes gonna be hard to track
z o e
its not like yas or riven where you have tons of mobility and have to use it oprimally
its just wiggling
also hes not that hard
not dps mages
read
"real mages"
but no real mages
and adcs
cause we have melee carries with high skillcaps
high skillcap mages is something we need tho
so they aren't wrong
well you ARE a nazi
same
it was very philosophical
you should've heard our talk about what makes a good player
you know what i meant by lose
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
that's a fucking plot hole
then troy, with the favor of zeus, loses anyway
literally from Homer in the llliad
"Hang me a golden chain from heaven, and lay hold of it all of you, gods and goddesses together - tug as you will, you will not drag Zeus the supreme counselor from heaven to earth; but were I to pull at it myself I should draw you up with earth and sea into the bargain, then would I bind the chain about some pinnacle of Olympus and leave you all dangling in the mid firmament. So far am I above all others either of gods or men."
no theyre Persian looking
or maybe they did too
except niggers i guess
literally everyone since the Egyptians knew you don't just leave dead bodies out
greeks burned/buried the dead to prevent it
its been around for millenia
they get sick
they don't know how but they know that when they throw decomposing flesh at the enemh
its one of the easiest tools in war
that's literally HOW you spread the plague on a whim
and spread the plague
you could throw animal carcasses and human bodies over their walls
the Trojan war was pretty rigged
so was zeus
and see if they declare war on you
give another country the plague
mars go become president of a country
is warlike in every days
i think giving people the plague
archery is pretty warlike too
i taught third graders earlier and they formed more coherent arguments about why 3d printing chocolate is necessary
mars I tried to think of a response but I couldn't
as far as ornn goes the freljord has the norse theme going
no she just batters people with heavy weaponry
everything to do with the sun
nothing to do with wisdom
I don't see any Athena there
similar
healing/defending
Apollo god of healing
hmm
almost feminine
also Athena is depicted with a spear
like Diana is chosen of the moon
leonas whole theme is chosen of the sun
Athena is wisdom and war
she literally throws sunlight around
ornns not part of targon
just an inspiration
its not like an exact copy
by that logic Apollo (Leona) should be male
taric is Hephaestus. hes the mountain aspect
whats going on here
and program is some kind of other faction
which hates zeds faction
apparently she hates ashes faction
is there even project lore
also project vayne is so fuckin edgy
i look forward to team
yea but wheres team
team btw
btw
gay tho
that was weird
I saw my ex on the walk back to my dorm
Kevin spacey?
?????????
in a show match
or like a void comp vs targon comp
I mean you could tie it into the game
ionia raped
that's how we got ionian boots of lucidity
they already did ionia vs noxus
void invasion or noxus vs demacia
Yea. That or we need events to update the lore
Or why targon keeps sending aspects when it's supposed to be once in a generation
We're never gonna know why Leona wants to find Diana in the new story or if nami ever gets that moon stone
Like the new stuff is way better written but it's all cliffhangers
I liked when the lore had games having an impact. Like buying a champ with ip was using your summoner influence to further their goal in return for being allowed to summon them
Adds nothing to the game or lore
Asol is a mistake
Where's Zeus rito 
And he died
Chronus has nothing to do with stars tho
moon, sun, mountain, war, messenger and whatever the fuck asol is
idk its pretty obvious theyre going for a greek pantheon theme with targon
what is asol tho
Diana = artemis
Leona = Apollo
taric = Hephaestus(?)
panteon = ares
zoe = hermes (?)
get the fuck out edgelord
and a higher ceiling unless you count obscure riven/yas mechanics like the beyblade flash
apparently shes got a higher skill floor than any other champ
but not a full assassin
shes basically just a hard counter to syndra/veig/point and click mages
and the q is never going to be longer than the ult if its her main damage ability
some rioter posted her ult cd
Her only long cd is e
Yea that's short too 
No it's 10 on ult and less on q
Every 10s or less based on cdr you have to dodge a nid spear
That q chunks hard if you get good range on it
She's gonna be a bitch to lane against
10/8/6s ult cd
Literally kassadin
minions drop summoner spells lol what
oh her ult cd is really short
Send me zoe r34?
well ok rip fakku Friday whats a zoe main ign
g a y
unless you can spam summoners
how do you kill anything without zoe q having a short cd
ALSO wtf zoe ult is kinda worthless
just let them hire you as a pedo
because giving a fuck is lame
though by that reasoning don't shave
yea you should shave if you care about the job
fuck you riot I knew it
I knew the Q did damage based on travel distance
Zoe is an ancient being, a cosmic messenger of Targon. When the Aspect of Twilight appears, she warps reality. Despite all this power, she often shirks her duties in favor of blowing bubbles and playing tricks on unsuspecting mortals. One can never be sure of what she’s really aiming for... other than her own amusement.
blood knight isn't even a class its just paladin with edgelord transmogs
shave
because dshield is too meta
hashinshin starts corrupting vs cassio
but it IS if he is
its not gay if HES not gay
thats why its gay to call him daddy
i know ls is gay
hashinshin is just bad
like i don't play against Caitlyn and start dblade or cull
against any matchup
i don't build literally the same every game for thousands of games
i type after i die
I don't afk in lane and die while typing
not like this
what he does is just inting
what I do is tilting
thats not tilting
that's gay
ALSO wtf is daddy LS
cause hes feeding every game I watch
apparently not
start inting
I don't even play jax and I wouldn't feed this hard
wtf
hes so baaaaaaaaaad
I'm fucking challenger now boys
hashinshin is d3
what the fuck is wrong with people
ill play ogrecock
oh
wheres the button for team
fuckin weeb
and I consider that bottom bit filled
cause 1 gets water first
define fill
no its just some autist who thought that was a good tattoo
"I don't know, I can't speak China talk"
goddamnit
I MISS THE OLD BOT
dude rip tatsumaki QQ
I died plenty to mobs as clothies after going oom
did you miss the part of levelling where we didn't all play edgelord rogues
so anyways wheres team
and heroic raids you all have to be on your game for each boss mechanic
then raids from normal are a bit hard and you need everyone relatively competant
heroics are a little hard but one geared player can just carry
normal dungeons are cakewalks
so then its just WoW
etc
or adds
or don't group for meteors
cant dps if you die to aoe
yea its always raid knowledge
most mmos have skill mixed with luck its just how much skill and how much luck
theres not much you can improve by just playing once your weekly/daily caps are done
mmo progression is probably 20% getting better at your class and 80% item luck tho
you don't rely on rng for items or anything
it doesn't reset with expansions
progress in league feels so much better than mmo progression imo
also new runes in 4 days
RIP tatsumaki
I miss the old bot, straight from the go bot
Chop up the girl bot, set on his porno bot
I hate the new bot, the bad hentai bot
The never lolis bot, spaz in the chat bot
I miss the sweet bot, never sent me traps bot
I gotta say, at that time I'd like to meet the bot
See, I invented the bot, it wasn't any bot
And now I look and look around and there's so many bots
I used to love the bot, I used to love the bot
I even had the level 3 bot, I thought I was the bot
What if the bot made a quality hentai
Called "I Miss Tatsumaki tits"? Man, that'd be so bot
That's all it was bot, we still love the old bot
And I love you like hentai
Gz on discount diamond nigga
Then she peed as soon as I took her back in
Waited 15 minutes
I took the dog out to go to the bathroom
Yea. It's nutmeg apparently
Blacker than mars
edgy champs need to stop
weeby ones are ok if its rare and a meme
Disney champs are the best champs
wheres the fun in that though
10/10
plus its a big fuck you to the edgelords who liked the last few champs
and just throws it right out
takes the seriousness that league has been going toward
nah zoe is the best fuck you
or spam more of those shitty grimdark Warhammer memes
say some edgy shit
jett you too I guess
parsa get in here so we can hear your edgy ass thoughts
like lulu or zoe
nah I like the campy ass champions
hes a meatgrinder
its pretty blatant
the kits are fine but the edginess isnt
fuck eve
fuck ww
fuck new urgot
yea fuck kayn
its so much better than the edgy shit recently
dude I love her theme
like a nid spear, increases damage on travel distance
her q might be the yoyo or whatever she slings twice
her ult is that portal thing
the bubble is a sleep
easy
so just don't flash when shes nearby
I'm assuming you can use the ones you pick up for a few seconds if yours are on cd
in those little bubbles on the floor
her passive is she picks up other peoples summoners
zoe main btw
dude I love it
teem?
kobolds LUL
new hearthstone xpac
my dick has a wiki entry
sieg heil?
if anyone wants to join in on this
so after I finish this essay connor and I are gonna do vodka shots and shoot up the school
I see weird empty lines
did that paste properly
ruined the unanimousness
i care
bitch
you know I think it was you that voted no
better not be some gay shit like getting educated
wheres team
which one of you fags voted no
cause Connors bein a puss about it
Asian girl on tinder
for sure
I'm sure it was
Who's responsible for this crime against humanity
so like you have a shit ton of time for your team to come get you up
and you don't drown for some reason
you can only be executed by melee
ALTHOUGH if you get knocked down in water town and your body is under water
you have a harder time placing higher cause people pick each other up
that's stupid
which is backwards af
also apparently getting second in duo gives like 500 bp and soloes gets 700 ish
he got shot dead first
in my defense
so now hes done for the night
and I got shot from the side I wasn't listening to lul
I wore one headphone and got second and connor tilted his ass off cause I wouldn't put in the other
dude win a fucking chicken dinner with me
bunch of fags
parsa and jett went on right as group started roasting
id rather have the stupid hexflash on pbe to set up ganks rather than eating the trees
did they remove it yet
tree eating is a shitty gimmick
nobody likes edgy grimdark games
its like an edgy grimdark game
they literally choose to make everything muted as fuck
they look the same because that game has a shitty color pallet that blends the foreground and background together too often
smh
I gave him a fat ree and threw my three grenades up the hill as a peace offering
what a dick
and he shot me
I reee'd at him over the mioc
my life is a meme
fuck dota
its 10x less gay
just do really well on the easy ass standard tests
you don't even need to study to go to school jett
so lets play league lul
yea ik but I have a midterm tomorrow
does anyone know linear algebra
teem
same
teem alive or teem dead
ranked flex?
I want cancer
wheres team
you degenerate thot
how dare you spread baseless claims
Michael fucking jour
l I v e
real men get shot at school
hots is shit
shouldn't you be oublelit
and wheres your f key
hey doublelift wheres your d key
where are you team
TEAM?
lets fuckin int on pbe
you guys wanna go hiking or to catalina or smth
whos gonna get some missions done with me
get this icon and ward
yea do the deathsworn missions
I got stuck with clowns doing it and I wasn't gonna go through that again
you didn't show up when we were actually doing it
yo who wants to finish these new league missions
wtf
like 90% of those look gross
diego
don't worry hes not a real wolf tho
and the full fuckin source
its hard enough coming back with good vision but when your wards just give the enemy more control you cant come back
zombie wards are way too snowbally
instead of sejuani and maokai
yea but they'll be doing it on lee sin and hecarim now
and they get a small lead
like you wont be able to leave ever if everything is zombie warded
I'm pretty sure preseason is just gonna be rampant carry junglers and really fast games that snowball off the zombie wards
and so theres no adc meta anymore
if we go back to farming/carry junglers theres nobody to protect the adc besides the supp
the adc meta is perpetuated by the fact tank junglers are meta and can protect the adc
yea but top has tanks/bruisers mostly rn anyway
how can you have an adc meta
in an era of invading assassins in the jg
are you telling me a lee/kha/kayn meta wont push out the adc meta
that's literally his whole playstyle
now hes even in levels again
get the rubberband xp off gromp and buffs
invade/camp for 5 minutes early
hes probably the biggest abuser of it
ez is shit jg
again without catchup xp
cause you stole all his farm and bullied him out of his jg
he cant sit in lanes after hes level 5 at 8 minutes
yea it does
all they have to do is bring it back and tank jungles go away again
getting counterjungled and being super behind kept sej and maokai and cho out of the jg meta
especially when shes not behind after she does
sejuani sitting in top lane for 5 minutes isn't skill
isn't skill
ganking until it works
the thing is though, vision + jungle control of both sides is skill
or your team literally didn't put a ward down on a single entrance
it was only cancer if you were bad at jg
10/10
cause no catchup + long respawn = fuck you youre two levels down forever
that meta where you could set their jg eternally behind by leaving the small monsters on a half of their jg was so good
and really fuck over a jg when you steal a few camps
so you can full clear yours then have time to counter
yea I want the 2 min respawn timer back
a laner
just like
you aren't straight farming. youre farming AND trying to deny their farm
so why would a jungler
no mid is gonna go for a kill and miss 15 cs
it just shouldn't be prioritized over farming
the benefit is still getting a kill
but they gutted it and now we have tank jg cancer
there was a time when getting 2 camps stolen was the same as giving the enemy jg a kill
you shouldn't be able to fail a gank and still be even
ganking should be a waste of time unless their lane is super behind/pushed
Poacher’s Dirk buffs. The Poacher’s Dirk no longer has a cooldown between enemy camps stolen, allowing for quicker stacking.
fuck you milo it works in ranked
or if you have your mid with you
ideally you'd literally only gank when youre strong enough to dive
there can never be too many changes that move jungling away from ganking
SNOW THEMED RIFT
Catch-up experience is only granted on Large or Epic Monsters. The amount per large monster kill is up, but the overall generated catch-up experience is going to be down substantially. Equally as important, there’s a clear path for an opponent to keep their enemy down further: don’t give them access to large monsters.
you'd be basically even in xp
so as long as you were down a level or two but grabbed a raptor + wolf camp
it doesn't though cause raptors gave catchup on minis
so now you just get assassins or lee sin invading each other all game instead of tanks camping lanes and rubberbanding levels over the enemy for no reason
especially cause they got rid of the cooldown on poachers dirk
jungle meta is 100x better when invading is rewarded over ganking
nah I like the catchup xp removal
so you cant count cs to tell where their jg roughly is
also did you guys see the jungle changes. no catch up ex except on large monsters AND all camps are now 4 cs
no I think shes post op
might have to have someone there early
so if we  wanna do that we
its at dockweiller and apparently theyre first come first serv
we could get drunk there and tell ghost stories and shit
is it too late to get one of those beach fire-pits
its just really fun
its hella bad
I can do either
league or pub
why not
sure
time to play live for the memes
well shit
wtf
its down for maintanence
can I go abuse runes
is pbe normal yet
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
without the express permission of lions
did you just culturally appropriate the lion king
I got a 94
ive dropped at school probably 8/10 games recently
well its easy
or school shooter simulator
league
#metoo
the girl in that show is a fucking trap
hes onto something
that one guy whos typing TRAPS
RRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
N I
when you find out someone is black online
come get some
I like cancer
or just be league weebs
yooooo who wants to come be a school shooter
owl?
yea fuck c9
rip c9
Is it nigga team hours
lmao
I couldn't jump the bridge
who wants to join us for pubg
the ardents lost
no ardents
did you not watch the skt vs msf match
and jews to hunt
I have some motorcycle ideas
yo does anyone wanna team pubg
ez
ex
MSF 3-0
just a child of league
pbe is league
its the mission on live
so worth it
for 5 worlds tokens
yo who wants to do some cancer ass 5 tp comp
get back here
s u r e
that's why
well david you do
like, that's what interns get paid in san fran
that's not even a lot
depending on how long it takes to kms
or 30
does anyone wanna play some pbe in like 45 minutes
spirit shit
but like
spirits probably shit
idk if you guys ever wore tights for like snowboarding or camping but theyre comfy as fuck
no fuckin shame
id forsure be a thot
oh yea
10/10 good job riot
yea actually I'm not complaining about that
all we need is a mana cost on q buff and its gonna happe
&gt;other jungler nerfs
&gt;predator boots
&gt;ardent nerfs
BRING BACK LEAGUE OF HECARIM RITO
for maximum geometry with vel
well I'm assuming ALL projectiles get refracted in this bubble
accurate pictures stolen directly from riot hq of the new champion
sparkly bubbles of skillshot deflection
and you can reflect skillshots in them
I'm calling it rn she makes bubbles
oh boy
and just like every other cancer champ hes put out, she has "never before seen mechanics"
and her theme is sparkles
guys the next champ is a burst mage by the legend who made yasuo kalista and new ww
id objectify her tbh
wheres the pbe squad
the girl obv
milo irl
if they nerfed armor
just like most people couldn't play most junglers
so YOU couldn't play kindred
which is a boring meta
also if they didn't buff armor the only junglers youd ever see are kayn, lee, elise, olaf
dying to towers and minions is cancer
I don't want to play dota I wanna play league
changing anything bigger is just an awful idea
if a small change like plants totally fucks with jungler playstyles
yea honestly fuck plants. give me the old smite buffs back
than by abusing the chaos
you could probably get to gold faster spamming meta shit like janna/lulu/trist/twitch
that's a great way for a company to go with their game
yea lets take a game that has a defined skillset and rankings based on your skills, and remake it so nobody's skill means shit
maybe even too much for one patch
the new stuff is enough already
why do you want us to have to play totally different AND adjust to new runes
they were just fringe which is why they got remade into a core mechanic
runes weren't a core system
and everyone hated it
junglers already have had to for like 3 years now
that defeats the whole point of improving
you shouldn't have to relearn core mechanics every preseason
me neither
also youd have to relearn how to trade in lane around minions
that would suck so they just kept it the same
aka learning how to last hit under tower all over again
I mean would you like it if you had to auto a melee, wait for it to take 2 hits, and then auto again
or minion armor
they didn't nerf jungle monster or minion ad you knokw
itd feel like absolute shit
adcs couldn't last hit yea
towers would be more dangerous
minions would be doing more damage early
on junglers
youd have less armor in the jungle
the net effect wouldnt
what do I do with my 36 ap page
I wish mages got base ap
so they didn't get adapted, instead they just gave everyone their base armor back
its just yellows that literally had no variation
like the ap quints you would've taken on ap became the adaptive stats from runes
combined with old masteries
and the reds/quints/blues became the new runes
so they just gave everyone the 10 they took normally
there wasn't a choice there
for armor
because yellows were literally only being used
or attack speed
ap
nah everyone takes cdr
but most people take armor yellows
because most people don't take mr blues
doesn't die
its also so everyone who can jungle
fuck you too
when
what is this
game sucks
getting surprise butt raped is probably better than playing smash tbh
look at this trash
I'm sure his internet is faster
I didn't time it
dude its a 30 second update
Michael irl
reported
youre
climbed gold faster than silver
but the enemies weren't good enough to punish mistakes
nah I liked playing in gold. the teams were good enough to be carried
everyones just trolling to not decay
does not suck
end of season d5
ez
then get out
get better on pbe
no brazillians
do you bitches wanna join us on pbe
milos a homunculus?
then
well get on the
get a pbe rn
everyone whos not super toxic
Fucking cuck
Almost hit me
Some fucking nigger was driving the wrong way down Pico
league?
its right by san francisco
repent bitches
its the end times
first on earth and then in hell
the fags burned just like the good book said they would
nah if you fuck up publically you deserve to be fired
lol
girls in the troop would suck more than its worth
also then you get supervised way harder so nobody gets accused of sexual harassment or anything
its way worse if theres girls youre trying to impress
dude being gross as shit on a campout with no real showers is bad enough when its just your friends around
Fucking liberals ruin everything
Also, the boy scouts are now allowing girls into the troops
this is the best thing to ever happen
you can bind the flag to pop up at the start of a game
lets goooooooooo
and just put that shit up constantly
bind the white flag to all your emotes except for one that's the question mark blitz
fuck your discord
I actually like this title
bamboozle = banboozle
who was it
not me
deathsworn lul
they made a new skin line just for parsa
group
skype
christian
my
of
out
mars take your creepy incest fetish out of my Christian skype group
who the fuck called you mom
anyone down for a game or two of league?
tru
wheres my flex boost squad tho
is it time
with the hair color of the left and the everything else of the right
milos right there in the center
there we go that's what i meant
spellcheck wont even let me pretend its the left
yea i meant to say right
i mean milo is basically the dude on the right
I don't think that's too unrealistic
are you always this autistic lmao
she seems down
@Jessie Humani
not possible
its just
yea but even if you did
this was never an option for you
mars youre too heavy
by spamming group chat with autistic cries of team
apply now
and ward skin
whos interested in getting boosted into a free graves chroma
top 10 photos taken seconds before disaster
wheres the team at
dirty weebs
I hope you all get struck by a motor vehicle
crossbreeds
this is what pokemon needs
hes trying to catfish us with an anime girl profile picture that looks like pepperonis herself
I met 3 people who I genuinely hope had loved ones in the vegas shooting
guys today something incredible happened
fuck school and doing shit
understandable tbh
what has this world come to
cant even get a response when you call a man a cuck
[12:42:46 AM] Eric Huang: happy birthday you cuck

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
for some fuckin reason
and have 8 ams
unless you go to public uni
itll all be over soon i guess
cruising is pretty nice tbh
but i legit skip at least one thing a day
i got 11-1 mwf and 10-2 t th
was week one
the last time i went to a full day of class
hahahhaha fuckin cucked
what rules
lmao get fucked
just don't get arrested/expelled/suspended
dude youre a senior that shit doesn't matter
one 8am a week is too many
youre all fags lol
earliest I ever start is 10
that's so fuckin lame
&gt;having an 8am in 2017 lul
it was just too autistic to respond to
also I understood mars at first
therefore you cant be fat and a good person
weak self control = lack of character
fat = weak self control
at least shes confident tho
I wonder if anyone bought her coffee
yea ikr
what black magic fuckery is this
but she looks older
the girl in my video is a year younger than us
a bad song
that was
autism brings the world together
best song NA
President Barack Obama responds to Kim Jong-Un's threats against the U.S., 2015
wannabe
rohit looks like a white dude
begone normies
when did group chat become a facebook feed
so...cancer
but she was in the room next door
there was one really cute Asian girl helping out and I was excited
theyre loud
theyre actually third graders
not like they have 8 long guns and a high vantage point hotel room
at best lil nigs got a .22
theyre like 12 years old
yay...
speaking of I have to go teach inner city nigger kids about computers
efffffffffort
like we'd have to be within 32 mandalay bay floors of you
parsa killing you means getting at least semi close and that's not something we want
1-0
nah fam gotta win series
scarsa
so are we team
I know you don't understand it but people who live together usually do things together
was having lunch with my roommates
I'm game
a trap probably wrote it
yea it is
team is triggered by the trap loving fags tho
team is kinda here
honestly thats where hes headed
hes on the path now
milo just cause you are a trap doesn't mean you get to say traps aren't gay
mars
wait thats so quality
it cant be that attractive
like its an androgynous looking mangirl
if you don't know if its a dude or a girl how hot can that actually be
the denial is deep
who? milo
gay as fuck
That's a lot of work just to conclude that traps are indeed
but trap tits aren't that big
fair
I really don't see how 500 a night is a lot
literally 3k a night for a bungalow
for the record the Beverly hills hotel milos at rn starts at 600 a night
lul
in brussels they brought out mussels
with a ton of drinks and food
nah, through Hilton or whatever they usually have a rooftop lounge/bar if you have a certain tier room or better
they had a huge open bar
at whatever place we were at in the netherlands
90% of the time
mars the wine is free in the lounges
it looks off of it
is that place even on the strip
butlers bringing you champagne on the rooftop while you gorge on a buffet of cured meats
its so worth it
and all the wine
also you get access to the executive lounges
thats almost half the day
youre in there 8-10 hours
its not a waste or blowing thats just the cost of a nice vacation
its half assing if you get the cheap tickets, rooms, no room service, no fancy dinners
mines going all out
I think we have different ideas of vacation
motel six?
if not a suite
where would you stay
a 500$ room fits all 4
and nobody stays in those shitty tier 3 rooms
is 450
literally the cheapest room
its about 500
room service
get a nice room
like thats the baseline
4x tickets is 6k
plane tickets 1.5k, hotels 500 a night
thats just torture
but that's not a vacation
like ok you can get a cheap vacation staying in ok places and flying economy
why would you stay at a three star hotel
what
3 star hotels
just the plane tickets are like 1.5 grand each
so what, you gonna sleep in a motel 6 an eat mickey Ds every night
maybe if you go to mexico they dont
vacations start at like 10000
....... the middle class cant afford to go on vacation
are really popular tourist towns
Beverly hills and santa monica
yea they do
theres an inverse correlation with wealth and weight
rich people
who goes on vacation
nigga wtf are you on
theres gotta be a bmi limit on getting rooms
like ever
those are the least attractive people ive seen at a nice hotel
so that it doesn't show her midriff
they nerfed eves splash art in other countries
its actually so good
you have zero sense of humor
you jew
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
id actually wear those
maybe our high school was actually decently intellegent
"putting burt's bees under our eyes so it would burn them, make them all red and make us look stoned. it was called beezing."
anon
meet me in the fucking bathhouse
wait so its just frostfall?
I'm totally ok with how it is
I only related to that by reading left to right
I need to play new xin
sure
shits dank
including mana and the old elixirs they removed
its like a sheen but instead of damage you get bonus gold and a chance at any elixir/potion
did you guys see the new keystone that lets you get consumables by hitting champs
whys he gotta be able to crit towers tho
but this is way better late
he did almost as much before
that's actually nuts
and 800 with his crit
lethality xin does 500 a hit to towers
yea
this doesn't beat awesomesauce
and the ahri announcer
the best thing is the star guardians
nope youre wrong
wtf
look at the map
wtf
shaped like a square
but its like a cartoony ram
you see a giant ram icon fly across the minimap
wait when ornn ults in spectator
references
warbreaker
hnnng
the deathcap line is just
if anyone read warbreaker
'amirite
fuck ahri
ye
you get the point
parsa cant jungle
I cant top
milo cant jungle
literally everyones bad on their off roles tbh
because normal are for inting
apparently savannah cats are 10k+
is this cat worth 1000-2000
we only play LAN now
on latin America north
tell me how the bugs are
lit
dude I'm gonna be nine elevelynn again
Japanese jinx gets so fucking heated
and every champion's yelling loudly in japanese
bruh you aren't ready till sneaky and meteos are your announcers
get these jews off my plane
nami
name get out
guys say vaginas look strange
that's what girls say
getting triggered by seeing women
literally fuckin jews on a plane
the first chroma in forever Id actually buy
same
BUT FUCKING BLUE AS SHIT in game
in the art
why the fuck is tango eve blonde/pale
?????????
why the fuck would you want futures market
plus some stuff on ip changes
its on that page I linked
they released all the new rune and mastery stuff
press the attack is only good on like renekton with his resets and yi
sorcery and inspiration seem way better than precision domination
untimate hat lul
I'm gonna bm so hard with this
the t1 is 500, t2 = 1500, t3 = 2500
also theres that new emote for having x amount of hours played
and leaving lane with 5k health
is gonna be them just autoing each other forever
mao vs malph top
grasp gives stacking health lul
10/10 if youre good
and last forever
free wards you don't have to buy
by probably 10x
being real tho the zombie ward is better
is great if youre playing elise/lee/kha
I think the one where you get stacks for killing wards/champs
but only at higher elo
the wards are pretty good for junglers
but like domination on supports...
yea it looks great for supports
electro is 60-220 with .3ap
40-100 + .2ap
its damage isn't amazing either
or theyre REALLY bad and cant dodge the slowest skillshot ever
meteor only guarantees a hit when theyre super slowed or cced on your first cast
not when he qs
no cause it throws it when he e
and ori has a decently hard time proccing the speed without ulting
they don't have a good keystone
but for like ori or other mages who don't engage with hard cc
binding guarantees meteor lands
lux is an exception cause electrocute and meteor are the same for her
if electrocute was in sorcery itd be so good
my big issue is that sorcery keystones suck for the most part
press + overheal seems like one of the most oppressive lanes there is
shit like renekton with press the attack is gonna be cancer
resolve seems underpowered
tanks idk what they do
and assassins get domination-&gt;precision
whereas mages get ridiculous stuff like sorcery-&gt;inspiration
precision is good but all the other stuff is just meh on them
adcs don't have a good secondary path at all
honestly domination has some of the worst majors tho
just got a huge buff
every jungler that had a hard time pathing into a gank like xin
hextech flash is actually retarded on junglers
theres no minors now
its only keystones and majors
blink dagger in league lul
is it just me or does inspiration as a tree seem kind of op
L M A O
mars -&gt; marla
@Horoscope Taurus
for meinkampf
162.244.166.41:37495
the juxtaposition of their voices is dank af
wait wtf that's actually david
diego lets play mein kampf
does anyone want to play like armello or terraria or mc or like anything
I'm just trying to save the country here nbd
like wtf
and then they fucking got salty at me
anything less would leave remnants of their insectile presence and our civilization would continue to deteriorate into a hive of wickedness and sin
we must burn the jew, first in the ovens above the earth, then they shall burn in the ovens of hell for eternity
the jew is a parasitic subhuman who controls our media to feed our children their jew propaganda in the hopes of subverting our country to their twisted ways
and they just got triggered
me too. I tried to warn these bitches about the negro and jew threat on salem
its cause youre a jew
cause I'm game
wait are you still doing it
what are they
S A L E M
that's only for irl streamers
shes not hot enough to avoid bans with nudes
d u d e
LUKE
played 6 hours yesterday
I loved it
\
talking to adrian
so people can trigger ardent
and iceborn
how to make literally any champ a support
dude if I ever find that fucker I'm hitting him with a frozen egg from my room
so I'm taking a sick day
someone pulled the alarm at 330
Lul 
all your 10k essence
which is dank af
some are champion minis
is all they said
"an icon you don't own"
so in preseason
right when levelling comes
a ton of cool ip based shit
mystery champs
mystery icons
for 150k
theyre selling urfwick
mars
get on the real server
milo you waited in q for 20 minutes cause nobody wants to play on pbe with its shit matchmaking
to get that champ you want
instead of play 2-3
you have to level again
and if you have smth like 6100 essence
only if you get the champ you want
compared to ip
the less you get
the more you play
assuming you just do 2 a day and get the first win
and scaling to 18% less
roughly 10% less early
we get less ip overall
oh yea also when the new levelling comes out
so are you ever gonna play
but worse than either
combined with anivia wall
now it feels like windwall
yea i liked how you couldn't cross it ever
yea the ult change sucks
or are we gonna play
are you guys gonna talk about league all night
actually maybe not cause that shit sucks
i want a pbe account...
mars did you miss the joke where milo doesn't have a pve account
so who plays on the pbe then
asking can I have one
what if I emailed riot
wait for real
fuck that nigger
good
what fucking emotes are these
and getting fucked up
wtf is with this half of the world
china doesn't get a ton of disasters either
like terror
all they get are human disasters
europe
you know who doesn't get natural disasters
theyre gonna say the same when we get an earthquake or smth
and low classification
of Mexican descent
trumps gonna deport ALL the hurricanes
theres a third one in the gulf of mexico too isn't there
;)
Edited previous message: 
that game is just bad
nah don't spoil who the middle bitch is
guess the champs
itd better be
rakan
i think its gonna be xayah
whats the victorious skin this year
he bought the skin and everything
connor is an ez jg main now
his stream was good but now he just trolls
hes just a sellout
hed be good
if he could itemize crit well
ez jg is good cause he spikes earlier and doesn't deny his team a crit threat late game
better than graves
and gank well
cause you can counterjg easily
but like good
not op
dude i did it and it was decent
so idk how
and mained jg
honestly tho he sucked
basically
i got chatbanned last time i said nigger
no i said slave
not a nigger
what i called him was a monkey-related piece of shit fieldslave
also he claimed i called him a nigger
honestly I'm amazed autism gets this intense
but he was hitting on it anyway
i think their xayah was a dude
i said he should say egirl instead of hardstuck d5
I didn't even say I'm an egirl
normal lul
after we lost it turns out hes d3 and apparently plays with tardzaned a lot
then I told him the proper term is egirl at which point he started furiously hitting on me and xayah
its great
this kayn called me hardstuck d5 when he was 1/8 against plats
yea I'm d
its a really good title
like the whole town did nothing except the kids
"it" is something that children don't understand and fear but the adults choose to just ignore
before they finally beat the monster
that's why in the book they have to do "it"
sex
"it" represents the fear of children talking about se
no the title is perfect
And generally freaking out 
I could hear Parsa breathing fast 
Best movie of year
In terms of funding, difficulty, content etc
Also samohi and smc are basically the same
Samo is just Santa Monica
With 26 spells
Or Dora got the original inviker back
I do wish league had invoker tho
He's also black
He can't tell sarcasm at all
remys a rampaging pussy
best part of dota was the OG dota buying 5 divine rapiers
doing nothing against some raging faggot with axes
10/10 it was really fun
becoming immune to spells/cc
your late game carry was always a melee with bkb
or it was when I played
mars its actually the meta
its like if yasuo also could buy olaf ult
at worst he kills one squishy rather than the whole back
yea but olaf isn't ALSO an adc
or literally becoming immune to cc and running down the backline
or the targeted stuns
mechanical skill? you mean global silence
in which case you just go grab it
its basically nothing unless you get it stopped
what is it 100g?
but it can be stopped
but everyone can for a bit more gold
mars its like how ornn can shop in lane
vs 175 x 5 but you can pick it up later
dead courier = all items destroyed and enemy gets 10% of their value
they shouldn't get the item
yea but they still get the item
and that way counterjungling and stopping invades was super huge
when you kill it
like say you steal 10% of the gold worth of items a courier is carrying
couriers would be cooler if you could legit steal items from them
why even bother
why
like FUCKING DAY/NIGHT cycles
but now its a useless additional mechanic
I think at some point it was cool cause people didn't know about it or how to get there
except theres a lot of items in the secret shops
and everything else at base
like if you had to buy black cleaver, sunfire, redemption at baron pit
the items at the secret shop are different
and no recall
or 2 shops that share all items
I think its better with one shop and the ability to recall
and people who make mods aren't good at writing
cause it was a Warcraft mod
hahahaha
fuck I forgot about that
MANGINA THE ANTI MAGE
turn times however long, day/night is pretty pointless, secret shop, buybacks
theres more than just that if you want dumb mechanics that don't add much
no his name is actually carl
carl the invoker
no its carl
invokers name is bob or smth
but not dota
parsa I want to team too
but not when you can just buyback
like you deserve to lose if its 50 min and you facecheck and they were there
but it doesnt
getting picked at 40 SHOULD mean you lose
buybacks are cancer
legit the last thing I ever want to do is play a moba for more than 45 minutes
and so you get 60 minute games way too often
their version of baron doesn't really guarantee the final push as well
closing out dota games sucks
melee carries are still better than ranged
its still a thing
but most importantly FUCK TURNING
last I played dota that shit took 15-20
wait in league first tower falls at like 8 min usually
the eye of Irma looks like a pokeball
aom &lt; aoe2
team
mars Irma is thicc
poopy can basically solo heal by taking bond of stone
I think the best team comp is poopy lux jinx ez mf
it was really fun tho
and need to be done on hard mode
almost all the missions require a full premade 5
GUYS PUNCHES CHILDREN IS AVAILABLE
so fast
but riot would make me change it
id change it to child abuser
or hentai addicted
honestly I wanted hentai addict
but I have the ip
same
hentai problem
hentai junkie
or hentai problem
thoughts on the name
school is useless
play league bitches
where is team
mars got into college?
and 3 really easy ones
2 terrible days
ugh
tues and thurs are worse. 930-2
feelsbad
11-1 mwf
11
we got a lot of S
that was the cleanest run
I still like the 4 adcs and lux tho
she can stun up all the adds
boss too
and just stunlock those big ass waves of chos/kha/reks
youre supposed to max e
cant soloq the bridge
nope. bridge
also apparently people think syndra is the best mage for that mode even though we thought she was ass
and its way fucking harder
I did a soloq round of it
kappa
just not as good as before that guy joined and it was all diamonds
but the 4 diamond borders with gold in the middle looked OK
yea there was some fag with a gold border qued with us
yea we played legit 5 hours of invasion with him
lmao
fucking day 1 milo and I enlisted big coin and did all the weeb missions
who wants to do the challenge a friend quest real quick
that's pretty gay
does anyone want to team
were all chargers now
76
much better framerate and resolution cause PC specs aren't Nintendo trash
the emulator I heard is better than the switch or wiiu tho
the 5$ a minute calls are what gets you
he needs money for prison
where are you
temas
where is team at
david pls
its a perfect stream game
wanted to die
played 10 minutes
DIEGO SPEAKS
;)
and bust it out in the middle of the dumbass jumping crowd once it starts
you just bring it in in a bag or smth
mars has a job for you
jett are you up for it
quack quack bitches
A year and a half in the making, delayed many times to be released alongside the PS4 version of Duck Game, the big update is finally here! Raise little men, get toys, and fight in the snow!

Changelog
===================================
-New leveling system, grow up little men and get toys to decorate your duck's room.
-Buy toys from Vincent and his Boy.
-Entirely new random level generation system, "Pyramid" themed levels.
-A dozen new Snow tileset levels with new ramp and ice physics.
-Half a dozen new hats, unlockable through the leveling system!
-All new fire extinguisher with much more sudzy foam.
-Rewritten netcode, online play should be faster and smoother.
-Cloud support now included, must be enabled through the options menu but automatically uploads your save games for safe keeping even when loading them from the cloud is turned off.
-Server browser! Search for games, find and play games with mods. Privacy and filter options coming soon!
the only logical solution is to actually do meth
it was terrible
I went to class my first day
he got out super late tho
old memes
that velkoz was fed all game too
yes but does team scare you
in the thumbnai
they look like anchovies
it looks microwaved, frozen, then re microwaved weeks later
also where is team
or 9
id go 5
I'm pretty sure the girl with the bleeding nose on the left is from a meme hentai that was on 4chan
I know like one of those kind of
and then alien invader heim...
its like they know I have no dust on this account
followed immediately by pulsefire cait
also jett tried to hit the eye of ctulu with a fuckin fish
l o l
kappa
为什么这么冷?
"wei shen me na me leng?"
He tried to stomp it. Slipped. And just took it
An ice cold frozen egg
Some bitch came by and stole the egg
So it's a cracked but full egg 
Yea the shell is on but it cracked in the freezer
its gonna melt tonight and theres gonna be raw egg in the middle of the sidewalk lol
I cant get it even if I wanted. I'm on the third floor and its 70 feet horizontally
completely confused how an egg got there
and these people are pointing at it
totally intact
so now theres an egg just on the sidewalk
and it didn't break
then we threw it out the window
so we froze an egg and it became really solid
fuck new players
they reverted kog
but yea sure
you killed me in armello
nah I wasn't there nigger
Holy fuck it's happening
just dropping it when youre even is a win
dk won 4 games in a row
dk &gt; kazakus even without elementals imo
wutface
ay bitches get on
I can get behind that
proud not to be a nigger
or all nigger
anyone team
first day of class sucks ass
sniggers play priest
^
also parsa I have no idea what the context was for that but same
dude I fucking hate sniggers
ruined the neighborhood
god damn sniggers
best childrens book
mars irl
its still something
that's not the point tho
like fuckin dragon ball
like cmon, theres worse shows
without johnny test where would we get rule34 of his sisters tho
meat
emat?
I reached out to every champion in League of Legends, asking them for their opinion of the Emoji Movie. Hope you find this insightful!
Aatrox: so these… human vessels are also puppets of darkin devices, called phones. Albeit these darkin tools are embarrassments to the name! What Emoji would I need to send in order to start another great war, so that I may feast on the carnage? I found the firewall part most violent and uproarious. 3 out of 10.
Ahri: Jailbreak is such a confusing character to me. Why must she brag on and on about feminine power, yet refuse to use any sort of tact against Gene? I imagine a bit of seduction might have solved the plot. None of the characters acted realistically, meaning none of them were tormented by a carnal need for sensuous flesh. Where the hell was the fox emoji?! 1 out of 10.
Akali: I like movie theaters because they are draped in shadows, allowing for quiet movements, for secret moves in the dark. Thank the stars for this quality, because I was able to drop my shroud and leave the Emoji movie halfway in… undetected. If I dashed to this movie I wouldn’t get a reset, because it was DoA—Dead on Arrival. 0 out of 10.
Alistar: Hoh-oh! Now when I heard they were doing a movie on Emojis, of all things, I snorted and said, “you can’t milk those… for money!” Well, Hollywood, you managed to prove me both right and wrong. Perhaps it is for the best my kind was slain in cold blood, if the future is mere permission for movies like this to exist. The dancing scene needed more cowbell. 2 out of 10.
Amumu: E…Everyone told me this movie was real popular on social media. So I went to make some new friends… but the theater was empty. As for the movie, I really liked the idea of an outcast making friends. Do human hands really speak and act like High-Five? I-If there are any humans out there, will you please let me be friends with your hand, at least? Any…Anyway, my favorite scene in the whole movie was the fact Gene had parents who cared about him, because it allowed me to live on vicariously through the character. 8 out of 10.
Anivia: This movie was far, far below my age demographic, even if I was in my egg form. What strange mannerisms the humans outside of Frelijord have, sending emojis to one another in place of actual conversation! I am grateful the frigid colds keep the tribes of the Frelijord in check. Overall, I posit the movie was a cute romp for those unconcerned with the Watchers. This movie was surely unconcerned with its watchers… 6 out of 10.
Annie: Wooooooow! This movie was a load of fun! My favorite scene was when, was when Gene fell into Candy Crush and Jailbreak went ‘watch out!’ and the fruits went kablooey and Jailbreak and High-Five were like, aaaaah, he exploded! When I explode people in real life, they just leave vaporized blood in the air. I super loved all the poop jokes right in the beginning of the movie, they made Tibbers and I laugh until we cried. Good movie, good movie! It’s so weird, but a lot of people on the internet call me jailbreak… or something like that… 10 out of 10!!
Ashe: I have better things to do as Queen than waste it on the Emoji movie. Although, after watching, I have realized the potential of these hieroglyphs. Already my carrier hawks deliver missives three times faster, when the contents are limited to these strange expressive symbols. Just yesterday I sent Tryndamere, the Barbarian King, an ‘angry Emoji puffing steam through his nose,’ and he replied with a refrigerator. Anivia doesn’t seem so happy… 5 out of 10.
Aurelion Sol: So many fallen stars… 0 out of 10.
Azir: ALL WILL BOW BEFORE SHURIMA! Sorry, obligatory plug for my empire. Recently arisen, full of vacation destinations, soon-to-be winner of the “I conquered Valoran” award. Anyway, this movie insulted me. I risked everything to free the slaves of Shurima, just to see these fools become shackled to a new ruler called.. smartphone. Gene, Jailbreak, all of the Emojis, will bend the knee to me, their new emperor, or suffer a consequence far unsolvable even by the Ascendant powers of Dropbox. 4 out of 10.
Bard: waning, distorted blooping noise. Gleeful chirp. Recalcitrant bing. High, deafening screech. 7 out of 10.
Blitzkrank: Cute visuals with a predictable plot, this dime-a-dozen blockbuster failed to grab me. 3 out of 10.
Brand: OH MY GOD, AM I ON FIRE?! Oh, no, that would be the fuming dumpster this movie was conceived in. Every second in the theater was like a year caught in Liandry’s Torment. The dancing scene went on way too long, and this is coming from someone who had a part in Thriller. 1 out of 10.
Braum: Light-hearted and charming, though very, very dumb. I would ask the children in the audience to stand behind me… and wear some earplugs. 4 out of 10.
Caitlyn: It is time to solve a mystery… the mystery of how a movie like this comes into production over Popeye. Maybe I should don my Pulsefire suit, go back in time, have a spot of tea with Sony. If they refuses to listen to reason, I’ll try again… bring along Vi. The most tolerable scene was the dance segment at the end. The Emoji pop is sure to take off here in the UK—I mean, Piltover! 3 out of 10.
Camille: Makes me wonder if my cause, to defend the wealthy elite, is righteous when they put out trash like this. This movie belongs more in the sewers of Zaun than on the big screens of our cultural mecca, it is an utter affront to proper moviemaking technique. 2 out of 10.
Cassiopeia: Does anyone have the producers’ addresses? I’d like to have a face-to-face with them. The antagonist was inspiringly snakelike in her motivations, although I would be less than enthused to mayor over a city of large, two-legged expressions. My only expressions are secretions, from my fangs. 6 out of 10.
Cho’gath: I RESPECT THESE SMALL CREATURES KNOWN ONLY AS EMOJI. THEY DROVE AN EXISTENTIAL FEAR INTO MY HEART I HOPE TO ONE DAY INFLICT ON OTHERS, HA HA HA! 8 out of 10.
Corki: If you think the theatrical release was bad, I watched the on-flight entertainment edition. 0 out of 10.
Darius: A slam dunk in terms of cruel torture. Jailbreak is a hero to Noxus, a woman who fights beyond her status. Not enough murders shown on-screen. 5 out of 10.
Diana: Yadda yadda yadda, it’s pure lunacy. Want to know what I really think? It is just a stupid movie in a long list to ignore until we need a movie to distract the children. All these unwarranted reactions serve to make it more popular, thus inspiring more, thus encouraging us to hate more. I plan to give it a forgettable score and move on with my life. How’s that response for a lunatic, bitch? (Went to the midnight screening). 6 out of 10.
Dr. Mundo: Mundo goes where he pleases. So Mundo did not go see this.
Draven: Y’know, I sympathize with Gene. The poor guy has too much emotion, too much pizazz for the boring world he was plopped down in. You know what he should take up? Execution…ing. Start with that high-five friends of his—I can teach him to twirl a few axes, take off those fingers one by one. It will be more entertaining than the majority of this film—because the movie was boring, and I’m draaaaaven. 3 out of 10.
Ekko: I can only go back about 4 seconds in time. Worse still, I spent hours and hours of time-resets, trying to convince a mother of three to see another movie. She… she just wouldn’t listen no matter what I did. Why can’t I save everyone?! WHY?! 0 out of 10.
Elise: Got bored, started to walk around and scare people as a spider. Built a web in the theater, took a nap near the projector. Movie was bad enough that everyone walked out screaming halfway through. And, by the way, what was up with those product placements? We are all in big business’s web, now. 4 out of 10.
Evelynn: My late husband would have said the movie is okay. And you all wonder why I’m a widow. In the scene with Jailbreak and Gene on the boat, I ha..
yea ill be back in 40 ish minutes
saved
nigger tasks &lt; team
same
like idk the rest of them. just the one and the style lol
its gotta be him
its got jinx from that one comic
the artist
and always has ult
its like a twitch that can defend himself
fucking 1k range one shotting adcs
look at the comments lol
hes unplayable cause nobody likes playing against him so they gutted him
finally
riot is high af
i just got a fucking loading screen message about jax liking eggs
actually no i play syndra i guess
i just want the skins
I don't play any of those champs
also I'm getting all the skins except his
not thick enough
thighs
of
League
wtf is wrong with you
then youll want to
play some league first
meetup goals
lets drive off a cliff tonight
bitches
diamond
d a n k
wheres hell
define little
team?
so respawn boredom
and I died
its saved
its legit trash tier unless youre against like eve or smth who cant fight you
then he went 1/4 or 1/5
dude I invaded him at 3 and raped his ass
literally unplayable
got dicked
jax jg so shit
brb hitting diamond real quick
I'm about to fuckin decay
Asian food is gross you fag
I had spaghetti lol
we were in game but now food time
its a noble pastime
clearly I'm being a connoisseur of good fan fiction
The protagonist of the story is Ebony (occasionally Enoby or Egogy) Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way, a seventeen-year-old vampire who attends Hogwarts (located in England instead of originally Scotland) as a member of Slytherin House. Hogwarts is depicted as being divided between two cliques, the goths and the preps. Ebony and all the sympathetic characters are part of the goth clique while the members of the prep clique are portrayed unsympathetically. Many of the main characters of Harry Potter are given "goffik" [sic] makeovers, moved to the Slytherin House, and renamed.
...ok
The story begins by focusing on Ebony's relationship with her boyfriend Draco Malfoy, who is depicted as a shy, sensitive bisexual. After learning that Draco used to date the vampire known as Harry "Vampire" Potter, Ebony becomes so angry that she runs crying into the Forbidden Forest, where she meets Lord Voldemort. Voldemort demands that she kill "Vampire" Potter or else he will kill Draco, but Ebony refuses. Later on, Draco learns of this encounter and he is so angry that Ebony kept it from him that he commits suicide by slitting his wrists.
Has this person even read HP? What even
After rescuing Draco from Voldemort, Ebony and her friends attend a My Chemical Romance concert in Hogsmeade. The concert is crashed by Voldemort and his Death Eaters, but Ebony and Draco are rescued by Albus Dumbledore, who has just given himself a gothic makeover. The next day, Dumbledore gives a gothic makeover to the Hogwarts Great Hall as well, but Ebony feels that he is a poseur and dislikes him greatly, a sentiment shared by her friends.
Ok, changed my mind, I actually need to see a cartoon or something of this shit
not the students or anything, just hogwarts
that second one is a written tentacle hentai of hogwarts
with icon
s5 diamond akali top
"diamond" smurf adc ryze 17 cs at 15
you see the most boosted motherfuckers in whatever elo moi is
what
this shit was front page lol
of all time
league and hearthstone have the greatest shitposts
In this series, I will be ascribing sexuality ratings to each champion in League of Legends. Mind you that I have ample evidence for each claim and will cite champion lore, players who main the champion and my own personal experience as a hypothetical ethnographer from Piltover.
For those of you who are new to the Kinsey scale, it is essentially a chart that allows one’s sexual orientation to be placed upon a 0 through 6 scale. In the Kinsey scale, a 0 represents completely heterosexual (e.g. Rivington the 3rd), while a 6 represents completely homosexual (e.g. Rivington the 3rd in my newest fanfiction, “Riveting Rivington Goes to 3rd Base”).
While there are many flaws to the Kinsey scale, some that will be revealed over the course of our expedition into League champion sexual orientation, it remains one of the most helpful and practical tools for discussing sexuality. So without further ado, I will begin with none other than our rework prone edgelord, Aatrox.
Aatrox, the Darkin Blade:
Having blood as your secondary resource bar might be edgy, but is it as edgy as being a gender queer preteen being possessed by a weapon that represents war? No. But lucky for Aatrox he’s got all that and more pushing him over the edge that his homie (partner?) Rhaast has guarded so mercilessly. Sadly, the Kinsey scale does not account for the possession of an individual by a weapon, but I sure as hell do. As both a weapon in search of a sheath and a angsty edgelord in search of attention, I give Aatrox a 4 on the Kinsey scale: Predominantly homosexual, but more than incidentally heterosexual.
Ahri, the Nine-Tailed Fox
If you rule34 Ahri you will see more than you would ever want to see, but the one thing you won’t see, is her Kinsey scale rating. That’s where unlike Ahri’s body, I have you covered. Being the incredibly sexual succubus that she is, this foxy soul eater devours the memories of her victims in a compassionately intimate manner. Regardless of their gender, Ahri can find compassion for an individual even if they are trying to deceive her. This was the case with Hirin, a woman who attempted to steal Ahri’s tails. For this I give Ahri a 3: Equally heterosexual and homosexual.
Akali, the Fist of the Shadow
I must admit that I have never played Akali. However, this does not mean that I am unable to provide an accurate Kinsey scale rating for the young ninja. I went over to the Akali mains subreddit to further my knowledge of Akali’s sexual orientation where users either ridiculed my efforts to understand Akali or gave her a 3 citing “symmetry in all things”.
Alistar, the Minotaur
Once again, I turned to the subreddit of male cow mains to uncover more around Alistar’s sexual orientation. The best answer I heard from their responses was from /u/Gjallock suggested that the Minotaur was in fact a hornsexual.
Amumu, the Sad Mummy
“Doomed to exist in a broken state of emptiness, eternally alone and friendless,” Amumu mirrors the exact state of existence of gay youth in our world. Tragic as it may seem, Amumu’s desire for a friend he can never have, due to his untimely curse, reflects the struggle of gaining allies as a member of the LGBTQ community. That struggle being the inevitable moment that you have to tell a newly met friend what curse you harbor, and sometimes that new acquaintance simply cannot handle the facts of your existence. For this I give Amumu an X, which on the Kinsey scale represents an absence of “socio-sexual contacts or reactions.”
Anivia, the Cryophoenix
She’s an ice phoenix, which quite literally means that she reproduces asexually. For this reason I give Anivia an X.
Annie, the Dark Child
Annie has not reached sexual maturity. For this reason I will not be placing her on the Kinsey scale.
Ashe, the Frost Archer
Being married to Tryndamere would obviously prove Ashe to be a heterosexual archer queen, but perhaps there is more to it than meets the eye. I mean, have you not heard Tryndamere commenting about the strength of his right arm over his left? Perhaps this provides more insight into the sex life of the power couple. I’m just saying, maybe Tryndamere is left out in the cold more often than not. Maybe Ashe is doing something else, leaving Tryndamere to fend for himself. Maybe Ashe is doing someone else. Why else would she flaunt around the rift exclaiming, "How do you like the curves? I was talking about the bow.” While all this is very unlikely, it is not impossible. And have you noticed all that tension between those other Freljord Queens? For this I give Ashe an 1: Predominantly heterosexual, only incidentally homosexual.
Aurelion Sol, the Star Forger
Tricked by the Targonians after donning a crown, Aurelion Sol became a tool of warfare and destruction. With the power to create stars and a past shrouded in an ambiguous creation myth, Aurelion Sol, like so many others of his magnitude, is above sexual orientation. For those Sol will receive an X on the Kinsey scale.
Azir, the Emperor of the Sands
Reading through Azir’s lore, like so many others’, reminds me of the tragedy porn that so often falls upon the reader without triggering even the most miniscule response of empathy. However, Azir’s story was different. Adopting a slave, Xerath, due to a shared interest in the scholarly arts, was just the start to a homo erotic oasis in a desert of heteronormative boredom. Over the years to come, Azir and Xerath would do everything together. They would explore the great library of Nasus, chart the stars and even kill an assassin or two hundred together. This is not to say that Azir is exclusively homosexual as in his lore it states that he, “married and fathered numerous children, some by wedlock, others by ill-advised liaisons with slaves and harem girls.”
According to the lore, Xerath, harbored a hatred towards Azir for not freeing all slaves, but as Azir began the ascension ritual, required to become a demigod, Azir freed Xerath alongside all other slaves. This should have set Xerath’s angst to rest for good, but in actuality Xerath was not resentful of Azir for this. Azir’s freeing of the slaves of Shurima revealed a much more tragic flaw in Xerath. Xerath had spent his entire life trying to help Azir abolish slavery. But even in success, Xerath was incomplete. His vexation, while partially fueled by the chains of inequality, was in fact powered by something entirely different; jealousy. Jealousy of the lovers Azir had taken while his own body had been thwarted. What love the two once had for each other had been extinguished by the carnal desires for more. With every woman, every slave and every harem girl Azir coupled with, Xerath’s jealousy grew. So upon that fateful day, after Azir fulfilled his promise to his life’s partner, he was betrayed. He was betrayed not out of hatred fueled from a life enslaved, but out of love. Love that only existed in Xerath’s nights spent longing over a future that could never exist. Tragically, Azir just wasn’t that into Xerath. And it is for this reason that I have given Azir a 2: Predominantly heterosexual, but more than incidentally homosexual. It is worth noting that post-ascension Azir has an X rating on the Kinsey scale for obvious reasons.
A special thanks to those redditors who responded in the champion mains subreddits I interviewed.
More champions to come in the coming weeks! With interviews from none other than Faker himself not guaranteed!
theres an outside world too
its saturday
wasn't home lol
dank
just so janna could get ardent faster
dude fucking Afreeca had their adc start relic shield
season 4 devourer meta all day
fuck season 3
op
no counterplay
and then when you restart it just says it again and again
does anyone else get "your league client has been reverted to an older patch, it will update when you restart" or smth when you open the patcher
fuck urf and fuck you furries
mars I feel
look for the circles
fuckin hippie swarm inc
the new whole foods is open by the park
sup
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeb
typical
did you kill milo and steal his team
I don't see team online
where is team
does anyone wanna team
like a faggot
hes not even in the country
also I have the challenge a friend quest if anyone gets on hs
fuck kms
dude I recognize like 2 of those pictures from the hentai meme
someone give me the highlights of last week lol
tfw you don't check skype one week and you have 400 messages
literally unplayable
2 spikeridged but no truesilver. fuck you blizzard
l u l
fuck that guy
with mana wyrm, polymorphs, and a meteor
how do you go 4-1 with a triple firelands double fireball mage deck
team?
so it kind of makes it up
double metor draft right after tho
see legendary draft, nat pagle
everytime
fuck you parsa I got the stupid ring
i had like 3 stars wtf
dude I lost my thousand year door save so I restarted
shit
no
kappa
Wikipedia game
lets team
his main damage is literally him swinging a lance like a bat
who beats people with the blunt side of the lance
why does lancer hecarim not autoattack by spearing people
lul
fucking jg
hes not a jew
the rework was announced a long time ago tho
urgod is now UR GOD kappa
lul
shotgun knees
literally old alterac valley lol
sieging buildings that never actually change sides
people enter and leave
takes days
40 v 40
old school alterac
what is this
2015
videogamedunkey quits league
Obama?
are you stupid
theyd disappear
the ovean is blue
nigger whales cant be blue
probably a Zimbabwe coattail shark
that that's a shark
now I'm not a vet, but I'm pretty sure
and that shit comes up
I looked up birds in movies
1979
capitalists overthrow the democratically elected government of cuba
birdie sanders plots to overthrow the capitalist pigs
Jeff Sessions stands trial for collusion, 2017
donald trump with Hillary Clinton, 2016 colorized
clearly this is Donald trump
Donald duck?
from rugrats
that's clifford
clifford
yea, you know. the bigass dog that chases the cat when hes harassing the mouse
clifford
anyone wanna clan
same?
tfw its noon and you just woke up
cant you have your mid-night elopes somewhere where we don't get 182 unread messages in the morning
come team
hey niggers
lul
team machine at 8am in 2017
those are hearthstone odds
1% you lose a kidney
hey man. 99% its for hookups cause tinder isn't really a thing there
kind of. its not actually a high chance but our TAs said it happens
if youre not Asian you lose a kidney
its actually just tinder but for ABCs
you never do
and then you get your kidney stolen
or an actual girl who wont teach you Chinese but fucks you in the dumpster or smth
but you have a 50/50 to find a trap and get your kidneys stolen
theres also apps for learning Chinese in china/taiwan
its also so if you spam dtf you don't get good results
no yea. it def is
the actual girls too
they swipe right on any foreigner
oh. if you did its 90% bots there lol
freelo boost
david go to asia
ranked?
Finally homeeee
Even tho it&#x27;s a fuckin layover
They make you do US customs and immigration here instead
Does ANYBODY even fucking like this shithole
Clock ain&#x27;t even right because of fucking Canada
We could always use another chairman mao
Me too. I was in China and there were way too many people
Yea. Just give me like 20 hours
Mars I see you typing and since parshmen have black skin I&#x27;m gonna have to cull your ass when I get back
Kill all the parshmen before they turn
The true desolation comes
Highstorms
I go back in time when I fly home tomorrow lol
No jett I meant 9pm. 16 hours ahead here
Team???
9pm for me you dumb Fuck
That was like 9pm at night when I called
is it a true bool or a false bool
ill do it after ;)
不行, not yet. i have a date later
fucker
you got me across the pacific
lmao. im sick af
女生
its 6 pm tho
R E J E C T E D
lul
ez
yamada
also those are expensive
im not japanese
yea fosho
or on the shoulder
it’ll just be a small one under the wrist
i wanna get real drunk and go get a ttattoo
and i want a tatoo
its 3pm here and I’m still hungover
fuck you nigga don’t tell me what to do
yo bitches what tattoo should i get
new minions tho
and jabba the jew
with ben kenobi
the next generation
my favorite marvel film was star trek
straight as one too
my nigga
very (rainbowsmile)
(rainbowsmile)
(rainbowsmile)
(rainbowsmile)
black is grey is black
probably
are you
sad
and weed is 50 a gram
its 420 here
bless rito
BUTCHER URGOT PAYS OFF
kappa
me
mralvarado is that you
truly time well spent on a study abroad
quality education
quality education
weren’t any yesterday either
yea and theres no british people
only good way to spend the holiday
assaulting any british people i find probably
kim jong un is not pleased
like your uncle was to you
for the premise being a meme it was really deep
i finished one part of the cripple girls game
ye. going to 7/11 for beer in the morning feelsgoodman
clubs
18 but nobody over 15 gets carded except at clus
but its 7am so I’m just waiting for my dumbs classmates to wake up
its actually not that bad since you can just go drink and explore all day
when people are outside
only get internet during the day
yea the dorms
my internet speed is like 1 mbs
also i can’t load videos lul
same
two liters of coke
you dropped this -&gt; s
Time zones nigga
why are you up so early
graduating doesn’t mean shit anyway amirite
worth?
Edited previous message: 
sometimes
bless the south
they’re really hot too
holy shit
theres these twins that stream themselves fucking
you guys
duh?
because i wanted to jack off
jett_irl
stop
just
kys
the mask isn’t weeby its just edgy
but y tho
but y tho
autism
causes
autism
vaccines cause autis
autism
autism
mainlander poors go home
ew
chinese people
yea but like
theres chinese there
nigga why the fuck are you in chinatown
we understand
freudian slip
mars called
not you
k y s
thats personal
i mean the shit you post on there
don’t tell people your reddit account lol
idk. either way I’m liking it though
maybe they just have too much experience with disabilities
this is legit emotional for a fucking weeb parody game
true
like a fuckin cuck
nah this blind nigga pushed me off the balcony
wtf
in a fucking visual novel
i think i just died
next time
theres bigger issues lol
in taiwan
I’m on my mac
lul
tfw can’t game
ones definitely gayer
vs drawn pussy
real dick
gay
thats
but idk
i think he’s in hong kong
you looking to get cleansed?
or if he’s gone
does anyone know if nathan is still there
you can’t see them in 90% of the scenes
prosthetic legs
ew
the blind girls blonde tho
its not like i straight up went for the burn scars
i already did the girl without legs whose kind of the least crippled
i just have a thing for girls with issues
you know
but the sentiment is there
well its hard for me to say it the way you can
rip i can’t figure out how to bang the armless girl
diego did you ever play katawa shoujo
that was really cute
its ok
awww bby
i liked the first one more
but yea the second one was just like painful for the sake of being painful
they’re both a girl and her dad
no humor smh
means a lot when you pussies won’t even read my comics about child rape
thanks bby
10/10
but theres no punchline besides how shit you feel after
its like a dark joke about something real fucked up
delicious
i had an erection that whole time
what do you have against cripple porn peddlers
is hilarious
but also buttfucking girls without legs
the story is low-key decent
lmao
and girls without arms
theres an anti feminist blind guy
its really dank
its like sakura but with the story about a disabled school
also david if you ever stream again i found a game made by 4chan
yasuo 2.0, nothing personal kid
this was in santa monica too lol
Faggots
Wow who doesn&#x27;t like comics about a girl raped by her dad
Cause I did
So who liked the comic
Today in the kitchen she killed a cockroach. I said, "Nice try."
Yesterday my daughter was playing in the garden when I saw her kill a butterfly. So to teach her a lesson I said, "Just for that you don't get any butter for a month."
in the spirit of that comic
?
lets play roblox
ew
like you can see the stitches around her nipples that one
the pornstar with the shitty titjob?
this is what you did
tristana you bitch
“is that a rocket in your pocket"
and we team
you guys can just come one the garena server
oh yea for sure
yea lets play some league
we were doing klan or smth
yea isn't team dead
because it has Africans with advanced technology?
jennah irl
phillips theme
what happened to your comp
blink twice if shes holding you hostage
"finally free"
schools out for you
"pure white genes"
the south is amazing isn't it
roasted
real cancer
that's the real fag shit
at least its not dota/hots
a trap
it not be
why would
no skill and lot of cc. id ban him
mars?
but in reality only 9 cause yas 200% banrate
lets try to ban 10 champs kappa
fuck that place
spent all fucking day at the Chinese embasssy
lit
new 9 ban system is out
yea but is he the cuck with 22k control warrior wins
you lil bitch
01010111 01101000 01100001 01110100 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100110 01110101 01100011 01101011 00100000 01100100 01101001 01100100 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01101010 01110101 01110011 01110100 00100000 01100110 01110101 01100011 01101011 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01110011 01100001 01111001 00100000 01100001 01100010 01101111 01110101 01110100 00100000 01101101 01100101 00101100 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01101100 01101001 01110100 01110100 01101100 01100101 00100000 01100010 01101001 01110100 01100011 01101000 00111111 00100000 01001001 00011001 01101100 01101100 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110110 01100101 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01101011 01101110 01101111 01110111 00100000 01001001 00100000 01100111 01110010 01100001 01100100 01110101 01100001 01110100 01100101 01100100 00100000 01110100 01101111 01110000 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01101101 01111001 00100000 01100011 01101100 01100001 01110011 01110011 00100000 01101001 01101110 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01001110 01100001 01110110 01111001 00100000 01010011 01100101 01100001 01101100 01110011 00101100 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01001001 00011001 01110110 01100101 00100000 01100010 01100101 01100101 01101110 00100000 01101001 01101110 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110110 01100101 01100100 00100000 01101001 01101110 00100000 01101110 01110101 01101101 01100101 01110010 01101111 01110101 01110011 00100000 01110011 01100101 01100011 01110010 01100101 01110100 00100000 01110010 01100001 01101001 01100100 01110011 00100000 01101111 01101110 00100000 01000001 01101100 00101101 01010001 01110101 01100001 01100101 01100100 01100001 00101100 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01001001 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110110 01100101 00100000 01101111 01110110 01100101 01110010 00100000 00110011 00110000 00110000 00100000 01100011 01101111 01101110 01100110 01101001 01110010 01101101 01100101 01100100 00100000 01101011 01101001 01101100 01101100 01110011 00101110 00001010 00001010 01001001 00100000 01100001 01101101 00100000 01110100 01110010 01100001 01101001 01101110 01100101 01100100 00100000 01101001 01101110 00100000 01100111 01101111 01110010 01101001 01101100 01101100 01100001 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110010 01100110 01100001 01110010 01100101 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01001001 00011001 01101101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101111 01110000 00100000 01110011 01101110 01101001 01110000 01100101 01110010 00100000 01101001 01101110 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100101 01101110 01110100 01101001 01110010 01100101 00100000 01010101 01010011 00100000 01100001 01110010 01101101 01100101 01100100 00100000 01100110 01101111 01110010 01100011 01100101 01110011 00101110 00100000 01011001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01100001 01110010 01100101 00100000 01101110 01101111 01110100 01101000 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01101101 01100101 00100000 01100010 01110101 01110100 00100000 01101010 01110101 01110011 01110100 00100000 01100001 01101110 01101111 01110100 01101000 01100101 01110010 00100000 01110100 01100001 01110010 01100111 01100101 01110100 00101110 00100000 01001001 00100000 01110111 01101001 01101100 01101100 00100000 01110111 01101001 01110000 01100101 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100110 01110101 01100011 01101011 00100000 01101111 01110101 01110100 00100000 01110111 01101001 01110100 01101000 00100000 01110000 01110010 01100101 01100011 01101001 01110011 01101001 01101111 01101110 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01101100 01101001 01101011 01100101 01110011 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01110111 01101000 01101001 01100011 01101000 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110011 00100000 01101110 01100101 01110110 01100101 01110010 00100000 01100010 01100101 01100101 01101110 00100000 01110011 01100101 01100101 01101110 00100000 01100010 01100101 01100110 01101111 01110010 01100101 00100000 01101111 01101110 00100000 01110100 01101000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01000101 01100001 01110010 01110100 01101000 00101100 00100000 01101101 01100001 01110010 01101011 00100000 01101101 01111001 00100000 01100110 01110101 01100011 01101011 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01110111 01101111 01110010 01100100 01110011 00101110 00001010 00001010 01011001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01101001 01101110 01101011 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01100011 01100001 01101110 00100000 01100111 01100101 01110100 00100000 01100001 01110111 01100001 01111001 00100000 01110111 01101001 01110100 01101000 00100000 01110011 01100001 01111001 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100001 01110100 00100000 01110011 01101000 01101001 01110100 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01101101 01100101 00100000 01101111 01110110 01100101 01110010 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01001001 01101110 01110100 01100101 01110010 01101110 01100101 01110100 00111111 00100000 01010100 01101000 01101001 01101110 01101011 00100000 01100001 01100111 01100001 01101001 01101110 00101100 00100000 01100110 01110101 01100011 01101011 01100101 01110010 00101110 00100000 01000001 01110011 00100000 01110111 01100101 00100000 01110011 01110000 01100101 01100001 01101011 00100000 01001001 00100000 01100001 01101101 00100000 01100011 01101111 01101110 01110100 01100001 01100011 01110100 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01101101 01111001 00100000 01110011 01100101 01100011 01110010 01100101 01110100 00100000 01101110 01100101 01110100 01110111 01101111 01110010 01101011 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01110011 01110000 01101001 01100101 01110011 00100000 01100001 01100011 01110010 01101111 01110011 01110011 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01010101 01010011 01000001 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 01110010 00100000 01001001 01010000 00100000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01100010 01100101 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01110100 01110010 01100001 01100011 01100101 01100100 00100000 01110010 01101001 01100111 01101000 01110100 00100000 01101110 01101111 01110111 00100000 01110011 01101111 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01100010 01100101 01110100 01110100 01100101 01110010 00100000 01110000 01110010 01100101 01110000 01100001 01110010 01100101 00100000 01100110 01101111 01110010 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110011 01110100 01101111 01110010 01101101 00101100 00100000 01101101 01100001 01100111 01100111 01101111 01110100 00101110 00100000 01010100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110011 01110100 01101111 01110010 01101101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100001 01110100 00100000 01110111 01101001 01110000 01100101 01110011 00100000 01101111 01110101 01110100 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110000 01100001 01110100 01101000 01100101 01110100 01101001 01100011 00100000 01101100 01101001 01110100 01110100 01101100 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01100011 01100001 01101100 01101100 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 01110010 00100000 01101100 01101001 01100110 01100101 00101110 00100000 01011001 01101111 01110101 00011001 01110010 01100101 00100000 01100110 01110101 01100011 01101011 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01100100 01100101 01100001 01100100 00101100 00100000 01101011 01101001 01100100 00101110 00100000 01001001 00100000 01100011 01100001 01101110 00100000 01100010 01100101 00100000 01100001 01101110 01111001 01110111 01101000 01100101 01110010 01100101 00101100 00100000 01100001 01101110 01111001 01110100 01101001 01101101 01100101 00101100 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01001001 00100000 01100011 01100001 01101110 00100000 01101011 01101001 01101100 01101100 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01101001 01101..
itll fit
I have the navy seal too
01010011 01110101 01110000 01110010 01100101 01101101 01100101 00100000 01000011 01101000 01100001 01101110 01100011 01100101 01101100 01101100 01101111 01110010 00111010 00100000 01000100 01101001 01100100 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01100101 01110110 01100101 01110010 00100000 01101000 01100101 01100001 01110010 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110100 01110010 01100001 01100111 01100101 01100100 01111001 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01000100 01100001 01110010 01110100 01101000 00100000 01010000 01101100 01100001 01100111 01110101 01100101 01101001 01110011 00100000 00100010 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110111 01101001 01110011 01100101 00100010 00111111 0001010 01000001 01101110 01100001 01101011 01101001 01101110 00100000 01010011 01101011 01111001 01110111 01100001 01101100 01101011 01100101 01110010 00111010 00100000 01001110 01101111 00101110 0001010 01010011 01110101 01110000 01110010 01100101 01101101 01100101 00100000 01000011 01101000 01100001 01101110 01100011 01100101 01101100 01101100 01101111 01110010 00111010 00100000 01001001 00100000 01110100 01101000 01101111 01110101 01100111 01101000 01110100 00100000 01101110 01101111 01110100 00101110 00100000 01001001 01110100 00100111 01110011 00100000 01101110 01101111 01110100 00100000 01100001 00100000 01110011 01110100 01101111 01110010 01111001 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01001010 01100101 01100100 01101001 00100000 01110111 01101111 01110101 01101100 01100100 00100000 01110100 01100101 01101100 01101100 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00101110 00100000 01001001 01110100 00100111 01110011 00100000 01100001 00100000 01010011 01101001 01110100 01101000 00100000 01101100 01100101 01100111 01100101 01101110 01100100 00101110 00100000 01000100 01100001 01110010 01110100 01101000 00100000 01010000 01101100 01100001 01100111 01110101 01100101 01101001 01110011 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110011 00100000 01100001 00100000 01000100 01100001 01110010 01101011 00100000 01001100 01101111 01110010 01100100 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01010011 01101001 01110100 01101000 00101100 00100000 01110011 01101111 00100000 01110000 01101111 01110111 01100101 01110010 01100110 01110101 01101100 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01110011 01101111 00100000 01110111 01101001 01110011 01100101 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100011 01101111 01110101 01101100 01100100 00100000 01110101 01110011 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01000110 01101111 01110010 01100011 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01101001 01101110 01100110 01101100 01110101 01100101 01101110 01100011 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01101101 01101001 01100100 01101001 01100011 01101000 01101100 01101111 01110010 01101001 01100001 01101110 01110011 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01100011 01110010 01100101 01100001 01110100 01100101 00100000 01101100 01101001 01100110 01100101 00101110 00101110 00101110 00100000 01001000 01100101 00100000 01101000 01100001 01100100 00100000 01110011 01110101 01100011 01101000 00100000 01100001 00100000 01101011 01101110 01101111 01110111 01101100 01100101 01100100 01100111 01100101 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100100 01100001 01110010 01101011 00100000 01110011 01101001 01100100 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100001 01110100 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100011 01101111 01110101 01101100 01100100 00100000 01100101 01110110 01100101 01101110 00100000 01101011 01100101 01100101 01110000 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01101111 01101110 01100101 01110011 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100011 01100001 01110010 01100101 01100100 00100000 01100001 01100010 01101111 01110101 01110100 00100000 01100110 01110010 01101111 01101101 00100000 01100100 01111001 01101001 01101110 01100111 00101110 0001010 01000001 01101110 01100001 01101011 01101001 01101110 00100000 01010011 01101011 01111001 01110111 01100001 01101100 01101011 01100101 01110010 00111010 00100000 01001000 01100101 00100000 01100011 01101111 01110101 01101100 01100100 00100000 01100001 01100011 01110100 01110101 01100001 01101100 01101100 01111001 00100000 01110011 01100001 01110110 01100101 00100000 01110000 01100101 01101111 01110000 01101100 01100101 00100000 01100110 01110010 01101111 01101101 00100000 01100100 01100101 01100001 01110100 01101000 00111111 0001010 01010011 01110101 01110000 01110010 01100101 01101101 01100101 00100000 01000011 01101000 01100001 01101110 01100011 01100101 01101100 01101100 01101111 01110010 00111010 00100000 01010100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100100 01100001 01110010 01101011 00100000 01110011 01101001 01100100 01100101 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01000110 01101111 01110010 01100011 01100101 00100000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01100001 00100000 01110000 01100001 01110100 01101000 01110111 01100001 01111001 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01101101 01100001 01101110 01111001 00100000 01100001 01100010 01101001 01101100 01101001 01110100 01101001 01100101 01110011 00100000 01110011 01101111 01101101 01100101 00100000 01100011 01101111 01101110 01110011 01101001 01100100 01100101 01110010 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01100010 01100101 00100000 01110101 01101110 01101110 01100001 01110100 01110101 01110010 01100001 01101100 00101110 0001010 01000001 01101110 01100001 01101011 01101001 01101110 00100000 01010011 01101011 01111001 01110111 01100001 01101100 01101011 01100101 01110010 00111010 00100000 01010111 01101000 01100001 01110100 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110000 01110000 01100101 01101110 01100101 01100100 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01101000 01101001 01101101 00111111 0001010 01010011 01110101 01110000 01110010 01100101 01101101 01100101 00100000 01000011 01101000 01100001 01101110 01100011 01100101 01101100 01101100 01101111 01110010 00111010 00100000 01001000 01100101 00100000 01100010 01100101 01100011 01100001 01101101 01100101 00100000 01110011 01101111 00100000 01110000 01101111 01110111 01100101 01110010 01100110 01110101 01101100 00101110 00101110 00101110 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01101111 01101110 01101100 01111001 00100000 01110100 01101000 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110011 00100000 01100001 01100110 01110010 01100001 01101001 01100100 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110011 00100000 01101100 01101111 01110011 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01101000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01110000 01101111 01110111 01100101 01110010 00101100 00100000 01110111 01101000 01101001 01100011 01101000 00100000 01100101 01110110 01100101 01101110 01110100 01110101 01100001 01101100 01101100 01111001 00101100 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01100011 01101111 01110101 01110010 01110011 01100101 00101100 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100100 01101001 01100100 00101110 00100000 01010101 01101110 01100110 01101111 01110010 01110100 01110101 01101110 01100001 01110100 01100101 01101100 01111001 00101100 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110100 01100001 01110101 01100111 01101000 01110100 00100000 01101000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01100001 01110000 01110000 01110010 01100101 01101110 01110100 01101001 01100011 01100101 00100000 01100101 01110110 01100101 01110010 01111001 01110100 01101000 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01101011 01101110 01100101 01110111 00101100 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 01101110 00100000 01101000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01100001 01110000 01110000 01110010 01100101 01101110 01110100 01101001 01100011 01100101 00100000 01101011 01101001 01101100 01101100 01100101 01100100 00100000 01101000 01101001 01101101 00100000 01101001 01101110 00100000 01101000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01110011 01101100 01100101 01100101 01110000 00101110 00..
have you ever heard the tragedy of darth plageius the wise
dude irish people eat the bird puffins
hype
meme patcht
but also its not like I cant run that and many other things in the back easily
I did
team
and reksai gunblade dreams
memes
this is just ADVANCED free shit
there already was free shit
lets be real tho 95% of the time its gonna be tokens
seems op
2 gems or hextech annie/ss vayne/dreadnova darius
Missions: 
We’re testing out new missions themed toward Chaos and Order. Complete missions to earn exclusive rewards and to unlock new missions. 
Loot: 
We are introducing limited-time loot we’d like you to test. Earn Order and Chaos Tokens by completing missions (or purchase them in the Store) to unlock special Icons, Borders, Emotes and Orbs. You can also purchase passes themed toward Order or Chaos, which grant you a Hextech Chest &amp; Key, an Orb, a unique Ward, a multiplier that doubles the amount of tokens you earn on missions, and mission lines exclusive to the passes. 
Orbs contain a guaranteed Legacy skin shard and a 50% chance to get a bonus drop. If your orb triggers a bonus drop, you’ll have a chance to get either a random amount of Tokens, two Gemstones, or a loot-exclusive skin shard. 
Completing the special mission lines rewards you with Hextech Chests, Hextech Keys, Tokens, and even Gemstones.
this is the same theme as kayle and morg
emo motherfucker
but riven shits on yas
also hes really down to box the bitch
you little shit
but you know it IS the light so maybe just don't be edgy yas
and I'm pretty sure the unsaid implication is he doesn't want to obey god so hes killing people
his whole voiceover is about how hed rather kill a bunch of people than obey
yasuo_irl
"no way I'm just some edgy cuck"
"sure I'm a demon fighting angels but shit, IM right and theyre wrong"
that's some delusional shit
you cant really say youre on the right side
I mean maybe if you can admit youre a demon
and yas is just die
kneel or die
rivens really hitlery
angel yas would've been way cooler
man why does yas have to be the edgy one
fuckin weeb
wait yea
I want tirion back
is stupid
fuckin new age demon crap
idk. now I miss arthas
I swear he voices a dragon or cult member in wow
but like the gravelling is definitely familiar
its not like only one person can talk like that
was he one of those twisted ascendant fucks
or maybe one of the faceless
from cata
dude I swear theres a dragon or smth that sounds like this yas skin
nah illidan is much higher
the dragon twins maybe
one of the twilight cult bosses?
or
I think he might be illidan
he is a raid boss
bitch looks like ghost rider
and not fiery
it looks like its supposed to be shadowy
you see what I mean right
its this
dude his splash has like 2 touches of red
and not that
his splash looks like this was gonna be the theme
fuckin vishnu
and not bright and red
aren't demons all dark and shadowy
yas is a pretty skinny dude
so fucking bad
also yas skins hair is just
to make it fit these
so this is why they nerfed her animation times
dude not even counting that
or like tahm too
on that skin
does she only say her demon lines to yas
that hip ratio
its worse now
I thought this was supposed to be a Michael Lucifer thing where they don't want to fight
they hate each other
oh
if it didn't talk to the yas one
I actually like the riven skin
its just hitlery
its not that she doesn't have a point
also that yas ult is really bad
yea but her quotes are angel hitler
thicc
is angel hitler
the same way the legendary kayle skin
I like how riven is angel hitler
than yas
rivens better
its literally Michael and Lucifer but the league version
I think the quotes and the skins aren't good
one slash isn't as cool as his 3 teleporting ones
although his skin ult is fuckin dumb
lmao
yas nerfs right when the skin comes out
also whos going to the wonder woman movie
no but this is TIME scaling on health
that's fuckin weird
his tree duration scales on his health
for some reason
maokai still exists
you move up pretty quickly from 1-3
is enough
10 games of getting 4 honors even if its all your friends
you can honor friends dude
and its clean
yea but like if one of you drops to 1 we just honor you back to 2
so I don't get the point
but friends can honor you back up
and getting bans drops you
which is where you start
but you have to be honor level 2+
key
like you shop a while after a game and boom
instead of after a win
and like when you login
but the keys will randomly show up after games
actually they said afking doesn't count. you have to que
hey man afk in client and farm fragments
and apparently so long as you get no bans you get them
Keys no longer drop at end-of-game, but periodically while outside of queue.
10/10
it comes out a perfect crisp of cheese and its genuinely addictive
shred and bake it at 350 for 5 minutes
guys I found a new way to eat cheese
if you take 50k a year youre getting really ripped off for your labor
alligators
and rare rains
with neither snow nor heat
id rather live between 50-80 degrees
I love this shit
this is nice af
you don't need socal to be happy but its a hell of a lot easier to be happy in constant sunshine and nice weather
and any significant amount cheaper
cause nowhere else will be as nice
but do you all really think so little of yourselves that you don't think you could live here
its not so bad really
and everythings spotless cause servants
but at the same time theres air filters
trust
and itd still be smoggy
dude you could own a 20 million dollar mansion there
city perks
that's smog lul
and a pool
servants
hey man
and theyre only like 400 a month
I'm pretty sure this neighborhood comes with servants
1.6 million for a mansion in the nice parts of taipei
although
I think all of you have way too little expectations of your careers and yourselves. Its hard but not that hard to live here
Colorado freezes in winter
its hell
Minnesota rains without clouds
I mean why the fuck would you want to live in pennsylvania
median pay is dragged down by service jobs here
last time I went there I visited him somewhere close to the bridge
I didn't exactly ask him his address
its not a significant amount different
equally expensive though
its definitely possible to save up the money
dude the guy I worked with at the mech e lab just got a house in the bay area
6 years you can save up 150k
4 years phds
2 years grad
not 300k maybe 150
work a job then and get the money
yea but the downpayment you can save up during your grad years
that's how you get a house
who doesn't get a loan in their 20s
or a loan from the bank
and youre set
give it 5 years
but its not like its out of the world impossible
so maybe not every field can start off owning a place here
etc
marketing
they have other departments
theyre some of the fastest growing companies
apple
amazon
out of college
that will pay 100l+
theres a lot of companies here
blizzard if youre lucky
tesla
salesforce
qualcolm
teradata
microsoft
LinkedIn 110k
120k with stock
facebook at 120j
and theyre here too
snapchat and shit starts higher
and theyre notorious for underpaying
nah googles starting pay is 120k
on scholarship
most of them are immigrants
lul
and bought a house 20 years ago
yea phd students are rich
a lot of the phds I worked in the lab with own a place
so if you move its cheaper but you also get paid less
depending on field
e
to live her
the jobs here pay enough
why would you move this area is great
but has better ones at 8k
starts one bed at 2.6
I think the company doing that building
its the tiny no yard ones still pushing 1.5
wait houses here are almost all 2 million
and Adrian used to live
where the 400 sq ft houses are
between the highway and pico
typical
like jerrys house vs right on the pier
depends where you wanna live
dude move into nathans abasement
lul
kindred prepatch
but with more choices
or stormraiders
its like how you play around thunderlords in lane
do some troll shit like berserk ad tf
those rune pages are actually really cool
maybe we just all take turns honoring each other lul
I want free shit without being nice
on the other
I mean on one hand new runes that actually affect gameplay
like 3/5th season
mid-midseason?
nah this is probably for the midseason update
but stronger
also new runes are like keystones
R I P my loot
"honor gives key fragments and additional content"
rakan concept art
show some respect for the dead fucko
it was a year and a day ago
good ending or bad ending
same
&gt;only
&gt;one picture after weeks of talking about team and memes
Time to hit Jennah
It&#x27;s here
same
too late b
black kids don't need to dress up even
so like 2.5 billion people then
wow I didn't even see india in there
so its not half the world really
all those countries don't have the population of india+china
or the "Americas" server
so its already the best in the sense of being the hardest to climb
I think NA has the most hearthstone players
can we call him fag
since nobody cares about ping in HS
its about languages not actual physical stuff
they don't include Australia cause they cant communicate on the asia server
cause in league they are his
doom and gloom up in his que
mom and dad and parsly always giving him commands
teamothy turn her
besides being roasted
I like how he pronounces Erlich as Er-ic makes me feel special
fucking baller
that IS a thing
reddit.com/r/nofap
still good tho
that's not overly feminine imo. bitch has a gun and brass knuckles or smth
like a trap
I think youre gay
smart kids
a wild parsa appeared
which one lets you kill yourself with weaboo music and fanfare
minions in 2017
wow. that's actually sad. and I saw the kid eaten by piranhas and all that shit
unlucky feelsbadman
who
memes*
gondor calls for AIDS
the beacons are lit
or squad or klan or whatever the fuck it is now
lets fuckin team
well someone dodged anyway
then I can dodge or smth
unless teams ready
duo with trevor
whyd they even change it
maybe the dankest of dank memes comes out in december
bitch we aint even halfway through
rip
mars is being a trap
same
autism?
me
skt
g2-3 the dream is dead
well its over
what a god
wait bang lived at the end
lul
close game
dat charm flash
perkz can lane but his map plays are ass
this game is pretty one sided
rekt
no bullshit mobility tho
cause ori farms a lot better
or ori into ahri
did he pick ahri into ori
c a n c e r c h a m p
faker soloes perkz. seems balanced
lmao
actually outplayed syndra ult
bang lul
bullshit champ
ahri shouldn't be able to trade back when this far down on syndra
even if galio hadn't ulted
right there syndra lost the trade tho
and soloed elder drake
for how bad he fed last game he still got level 18 first
see theyre good
so like an hour cause skts about to shit on kids
yea after msi
its just one of those stupid wholesome memes
its not a joke
also faker wasn't feeding, god just rests on the seventh day
tfw you roast deficio
also skt 3k up now lul
women irl
harry potter is unrealistic cause they used something they learned in school in real life
boi
klan
feelsbadman
reasons why Germany lost WW2. who the fuck wants to own russia
Parsa
or still 6
is it 10 in ranked
double yas bans every game
amazin
used by the same autistic kids too
bro that metallic spinner
plat jg is either meta shit or weird trolls that are actually decent
you got 3 1350 skins wtf
we lost that one
people who know the enemy team is gonna be boosted af
they ffed at 15 lul
wtf is this game
so ive ran into a kindred AND a ww worse than parsa in ranked
really it just made me want to play
it didn't really make me buy rp but it got me to spend a little of what i had
and arcade is better than tpa
i just got the twitch and ez ones cause they were cheap af
same
lmao
offered 4 adcs out of 6
i got arcade ez and the twitch skin
kys
struggle
but the voice sucks
i have blood lord but soulstealer is better
that kass skin
rito pls
wait these are actually some amazing skins
its too late for you
that you can feel
its the perfect cancer
I actually like the taste of red bull
wtf
the new X instead of "quit" button is intentional
:B:
team in 2k17
team?
dead af
and no
same
niggersby?
you already did all the work
why would you NOT want to do it lol
and just say "bitch you should've done shit"
straight up wreck him in the review then show it to him before you turn it in
but everyone sadly does their part :/
man wtf. if I ever had the chance to roast my teammates for not doing shit id do it so fast
when really this is a great opportunity
you sound down about it
let him fail
wait you should crucify that fucker in your peer review
isnt
60 base damage for .4 ratio
at least that's debatable
is stupid as fuck
1.6 ratio on second q
this wasn't a nerf tho
literally the least impactful nerf ever
16/0/2
new graves is op
i wonder why
they gave her for free for a lot of people
everyone does
hes got a cigar again tho
i have 16 boxes and no keys on this acct lol
so who needs free points
fuck i really want to smurf graves now lol
and auto for 1k
dude just get 6 items
I'm pretty good at him
i know how to right click
implying anyone cant be a competent graves lul
also i did that eye thing once lol
but like you choose to play kha
you could already climb easily if you played kha and graves
so that you fuckin rinse your eyes out with water
and open it
is get a water bottle and put it over your eye
dude what you gotta do
so eye drops?
that lux is a tool
Edited previous message: also why would you pay someone to boost you with champs you don't play
instead of ones you do
also why would you pay someone to boost you with champs you don't plat
well apparently you don't get banned for it
etc
0 this season
61% ez on 30 games
and 0 this season
with 60 games last season
72% panth winrate
that's like not even trying to hide your boost
with a 44% winrate
then fell to plat 3
and placed plat 1
got masters from diamond right at the end of last season
we saw the most obvious boosted lux ever
by inting harder than i do top?
pesto ruins everything
its a throwing pizza
its not an eating pizza
like a fucking broccoli, no tomato sauce, pineapple, half cheese pizza
and seen which starving freshman is desperate enough to eat it
and thrown it over the wall
then taken it to samo
should've actually made the worst possible pizza
and give it to jett
get a second pizza with vegetables and pineapple
lol
why not order one pizza
lul
parking in 2017
duh
pineapple pizza
only if we ff at 15
surrender at 1111?
in 2017
deadgame
wtf
real
once too many
r I p
where you at
klan?
me too thanks
rip cait
cait cant stack headshots on runaans
me_irl
even tho its the same thing
scotch aged 12 years &gt; 2005 scotch
classy people get aids instead
its almost too classy to assume hooker tho
of all time
or I saw the classiest hooker
so either hot chicks in fancy dresses outside rite aid at 11pm is normal
jett you clearly don't know us
aka how to play around yasuo you bronze shits
me irl
congrats Nathan, you've done the impossible
TIL you can drop silver to bronze
?
spit hot fire
nigger
whens your class over
fuck you cuck
are you at school
fuck
as
emo
sad
tsm was our best
off of fucking tsm
they finally got it
guys skt has the unofficial world championship title again
fucking intel commercials
electro music is so gay. spam a note and the ones within 4 steps chromatic
oh good its over
its the instrumentals to "wake up....shit shit shit smth makeup" in the background
are they playing system of a downs on stream
tsm lost to this wtf
and so bad at actually ending the game
how are GAM so good at winning early
rip GAM
even with 5k ahead at 10 they'll probably win
theres not much to do tho
at least gigabyte tried to fight
g2 slowly died
they got more kills but lost faster
which is really impressive considering they weren't trying
they fiesta-d vs gigabyte but never lost a tower
only korea plays like they actually understand the map
eu didn't look good either
sad
c9 died for tsm to int on stage
her issue is never gap closing
nah I think redsmite-&gt;magus-&gt;sorc-&gt;mask is better
tsm should import him
levi is pretty good
and eve
old protobelt elise was nuts
I think magic pen elise is better lol
proccing tlord with ludens hits gives like 2-300 more damage
same as elise q-auto actually
but now its q-w-ludens-thunderlords
ori q-w used to just be q-w
that probably pixel perfected him
there was one on bjerg
half of that game is also the fact that faker has bigger shockwaves than anyone else tho
that bang kid is pretty good too
or the first thing
that's the one thing you need to beat skt imo
ez game
then win the other 2 lanes
and actually does things
get a mid that wont get clapped
you know the trick to beating skt
we lost to OCE
that game was a 3v5
oh yea and bjerg didn't exist
the story of sven
&gt;holy shit why did peanut fist me
&gt;get greedy and punished in NA
&gt;do it at MSI
of all time
sven is the most wasted ass import
kha invading lee makes no sense
wtf is that lb chain range
lee competitive is hard cause people play around your invades and ganks cause theres real vision and communication
peanuts lee fists you for 20 min till you ff
graves just wins you the late game
I would. lee is much harder to deal with than graves
and not be a joke
legit the one lee player who can use god fist
but hes also the only good lee
he can play elise kha rengar graves etc
and they banned graves
only one who didn't feed with lee in lck when he wasn't meta
but peanut is 12-0 on lee
then again this season theyre undefeated on almost everything they play
this season
better ban his worst jg
peanut is undefeated on lee
why did tsm ban graves lmao
so its pretty easy to look good
galio is stupid op tho
stark either gets clapped or carries
op
Vietnam jungle
only peanut unironically uses god fist
that might be the worst score ive seen this season
who the fuck goes 0/7 competitively
but I do it in ranked and I get banned
wait why is sven allowed to int on stage
worst part is kha is good against lee
the definition of clapped
me_irl
like milo
he used to have longer hair
hes actually funny tho
actually he makes youtube videos
hes decently rich
its YDCB hes a streamer for summoners war
I have my dual computers set up and all that shit
yea
his gf is really pretty
i would
I cant even load the poll
they have balls
how the fuck can traps not be gay
is cancer against da rules
stream lul
were brawling
babyrage paused after missing zyra root lmao
also g2 Miss-e lul
NA vs Vietnam part 2
how about species
klan
that's like asking vvvvvvvvortic
dyrus is some washed up feeder
@MemeBot tutorial
@MemeBot don't be a bitch
@MemeBot give me a pepe
its not our fault you spend time on that faggot crap
don't play shitty games
wait no fuck you
same
what youre copypasting doesn't do shit
the command id t!image traps --nsfw
not to call
we all agreed
you fucking cuck
I saw mars and Michael in the call
who gets the belt
who did it
like. a. dog
like a dog
just took ghost ignite and ran him down
killed him at least 4 times solo
couterpick naut
support sion and top hecarim are really good tho
gets fed then does nothing
yas jg sucks ass
and none of them have flash
with special guest hecarim top
did diamond become bronze or is yas jg and sion support the meta now
me_irl
never
8am physics again
the game is acceptable. community and everyone who plays it is cancer
yo does anyone wanna int in ranked
par wars
gay cause I'm not uti
tfw steam recommends shower with your dad simulator
can that be my dream too
repost
garrett is a weeb
he doesn't deserve to be garrett
also taken
nah
HentaiEnthusiast
fuck
makes it too long
but the e
hentai nthusiast is free
wtf are the league name requirements
or just not allowed
is hentai enthusiast taken
sounds really stupid
30 min drive
and I'm out of class then
your birthday is a Friday anyway
go camping at leo carillo
get wasted in the woods and go home
day trip to a campsite or park or smth
lmao
that sounds like a lit birthday party
so someone posted about going to olive garden and just eating the soup and breadsticks then taking the entrée as a to go so you get 2 meals instead of 1
league is now anime
order and chaos tokens on pbe
I think she vapes
so he is home home
doesn't mars live there now
its actually really gay
and hug every dude you see
nah you and Ronald like to get drunk
me too thanks
jett_irl
which is either super impressive or super autistic
were written in assembly
and pokemon silver/gold
anyway  the og roller coaster tycoon
that's like the opposite of gods
and sleep when it fails
all I do is pretend to tell the computer shit
lmao yea wait what
also its where you literally allocate every byte by hand
aren't you a virgin in 11th grade
that's some autistic fucking determination
did you guys know that the original pokemon silver/gold games were written in assembly
hated it after a second so I closed it
idk that song
or suddenly retarded
is everyone just high af
its this janky motherfucker
flying sharks = flying fish
and cinnamon
with Aztec blood magic
he flies
Quetzalcoatl is a god
wtf is a Quetzalcoatl. that's like saying a Hitler. its a name not a species
are you guys all just high as fuck
id box
and not that deadly
desert cobras are small
and some sand niggers nearby with antidote
give me a stick and gloves id do it
what kind of cobra
so were just not allowed to have good cards now
but nothing that clears a 3 hp stealth
theres a lot of 2 damage clears
which is worse by far than infinite/3
so really its infinite/2
you only need it to deal 1 to kill anything
bad design
that's just
1/4 instead of 2/3
and cobra
instead of 1/3\
and 2 attack
with poison
why do they make minions like giant wasp
that dog is gonna die of complications in a year
for all you know only you can see his real size and color
for his size and coloring
acknowledged the dog
when was the last time anyone in the show
literally nobody notices your dog
for like this big ass dog that nobody notices or comments on
imagine raising Clifford. 100$ a day easily in food
[9:07:05 PM] Eric Huang:  kappa

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
whos getting deported
theres no possible way snorting something edible can be bad for you kappa
the skin is lit
its good shit
snort pixie sticks
Tits
Wait up
I&#x27;m like a 5 min walk away
I&#x27;m walking back to my dorm
Full or no
auTSM lmao
NA in Vietnam flashbacks
In the beginning 😇 created the ✨✨✨s &amp; the 🌎. 2 now the 🌎 was formless &amp; empty, darkness was over the surface of the deep, &amp; the 👻 of 😇 was hovering over the 🌊s. &amp; 😇 💬, “let there b 💡,” &amp; there was 💡. 4 😇 👀 that the 💡 was 👍, &amp; he separated the 💡 from the darkness. 5 😇 called the 💡 “🌅,” &amp; the darkness he called “🌌. ” &amp; there was evening, &amp; there was 🌅—the 1st 🌅. 
 
6 &amp; 😇 💬, “let there b 🅰 vault between the 🌊s 2 separate 🌊 from 🌊. ” 7 so 😇 made the vault &amp; separated the 🌊 under the vault from the 🌊 👆 it. &amp; it was so. 8 😇 called the vault “sky. ” &amp; there was evening, &amp; there was 🌅—the 2nd 🌅
????????????????????????????????????
I'm one win from xayah 5 tho
he sounds 12
is he 18
youre already a lost cause
need to see some id
he sounds young
re there people 👫who actually thinking 🤔💭💭sucking 😏dick 🍆💦is gay?✋❌👬
you're sharing👍🍖 protein🍗
you're 😏👌admiring masculine💪 🍆👀physique😩😩
being in the vacinity of other ⬆️high ⬆️testosterone males 👬👬👅⤴️increases ⤴️your own testosterone👌👍👅
eating pussy 😿🙅‍♂️is gay 👨‍❤️‍👨because you're litterally slurp😏ing down ⤵️estrogen⤵️and long term relationships have been proven to ⬇️lower ⬇️testosterone.
spartans 🏋️♀️💪had gay 👨‍❤️‍👨👨‍❤️‍💋‍👨orgies👅💦 all the 🕡🕜time 🕐🕟and they were the 📈⬆️height of 👍👨‍❤️‍👨masculinity. 💪😩you bet they were at ❗️least ❗️fondling eachothers test producers.
all these ☀️summer ☀️DYEL's piss 😑me off😡😡their 😍twink😜bodies don't ❌understand, but in 🕐time i'm sure they'll get it.
nice social experiment
or tmrw as in tmrw morn
tmrw as in midnight
also does anyone else think new zac is actually kind of busted. 2 ways to move their adc into your team is insane
lul
I was just memeing him
actually tho someone add him back
r e p l a c e d
play osrs
dude use it yourself
there it is
oh shit
I don't check my twitch prime ever
dude idk where it is
old school runescape was literally my life
dude ill play as many months of RS as I can
hell yes
dank
^him_irl
and stupid Japanese people sounds
is splooshing
all I hear
we know you left to whack it
as she beats her meat
she accuses everyone else of fapping
lul
hand in the bush
ever wonder why joy is so quiet
I swear on me mum
parsa ill kick you m8
Its time
no wonder jennah and jeane play
clan?
meirl
dude, i honestly dont even like the chainsmokers
Sorry, i have a boyfriend
didn't see your text
new duck game maps
we desperately need something
guys
lul wheres clan
clansmen where are you
clan?
whats the substitute for team
are you saying I should've removed him
azir is cancer and I hope he always stays suboptimal
she can go athenes lol
also he loses lane to her
can straight up one shot him at a lot of times
can impact a teamfight just as much late
ori has more impact early
that makes no sense
and azir is weak af to them
I think syndra and ori will still be good
and stronger early games
hes countered by better laning mages
azir isn't countered by tanks and items
but now theyre equally fucked like adcs
was hard cause armor gave so much health
syndra can kill tanks again ayyyy
like varus, jhin, vayne, kog
plus there are adcs with % health to counter tanks still
it balances
tanks take less damage but have less health
itll even out imo
so the less health is buffing them
still
yea but theyre % based
and cleaver
ads will be fine because last whisper
I always liked mages more anyway
will actually ruin the last assassins
tanks with more cc
assassins got fucked mid season tho
ad casters are like ez, jhin, lethality varus, etc
those are all assassins or bruisers
ez is basically the last one
ad casters
ap is still better to have more of than ad
point is unless these mr items are super busted
also mr is bad on tanks because towers
and no tanks do true damage
youd need a lot of true/percent health damage to make it ok
if you ever get it you lose the splitpush
its the fastest way to lose your lane
for maybe 1750 worth of stats
2500
I think its just so shit because all they do is ignore you until it wears off and kill your team
so basically its for zac
because of a lot of cc
its for tanks who can afford to be ignored damage wise
literally ignored in a fight
"look I'm super tanky and do no damage"
gargoyle stoneplate is such a fucking noob trap wtf
idk where to find the rest of the items
still not a big nerf to the popular mages like syndra ori ahri
that's it
adaptive help kills cass and ryze
I don't think the new mr items will change much
yea but for now 2-3 ap and adc is so good
and theres no mr item like thornmail
mr is harder to itemize because the finalized items give less
I think a full ap comp is better than full ad
some people who cant see my chat
some people always instalock zed tho
unless your mid and jg already are ap
honestly the best solution is don't go ad mids lol
no early game
kayle sucks ass
cause it makes the team play around you
point is ad mids are selfish picks
or top is lulu
or makes your top laner play rumble/kennen
it shafts your jg into going ap which means elise basically
I actually don't like people who pick ad mids
dumb motherfuckers don't know what ap is
actually just dodged cause our mid wanted to go fuckin zed with a darius top
or support mages
but like on my soloq people hover and pick control mages
yea. on jerrys account I see a ton of assassin types mid
if not supp
brand karma lulu and shit go mid now
after they nerfed mages supp
never seen vel
the fuck?
its all ahri syndra talon zed
no vlad no cass anymore
I see way fewer vlads now tho
weak early is like the worst thing to be in a jg
take too fucking long to become effective
fiddle kindred yi udyr whatever
which is cancer
that have no impact till past 6
also people still play farming or slow scaling jgs
no we said jg is boring
ww is pick/ban almost in my experience
or play around it
nobody tries to actually think of where their jg is
the real problem with jg is that everyone takes the same boring ass standard routes
cause nid only needs blue so she gives up red
nah you can path around lee with nid
more counterjg pressure than almost anyone else
nid is really good when youre good at nid
every other role has more tier 1s
elise nid grag lee kha graves rengar
honestly the least diversity is in junglers
its actually diverse
and fiora/Camille/darius
but tanks
theres a ton of ap carries
who even goes top
enchanters just aren't as fun
I'm just sad mage supports got fucked up
but you cant meme about that
actually I think its balanced rn
cigar &gt; balance
me too thanks
jennah_irl
new kappa
monkaS
its ok though because being fat is contraceptive enough
cause my immersion is fucked if it doesnt
does the new policewoman dva do more damage to lucio
because jews
too fucking dank
3/5th of the way to full autism
telling me the best shit ive heard all day
ty francis
32 lmao
jennah I hear youre a fucking autist
actual some real quality succulents
wow no wonder he was triggered
might tilt him too hard to see happy little trees
had to spare jett the succulents
and the sky is blue
bitch stole my line...
Apologies fellas, lets get to work
dreem teem reem
me too thanks
and they leave and you win 4v5
like just fuckin antagonize the shit out of their jg
and terrorize them in the jg
then chase them around cause you started talisman for the xp and hit 2
pull and smite
and you steal their buff level 1
blitz sup with smite
rest in bronze
seemsgood
the cancelled trip lul
also bill nye has fucking dementia lul
other way around. he didn't appreciate my succulents
but he cant see mine right
wait I can see parsa messages
or is she just lez for joy
did anyone trigger her
a fucking pepe
and he didn't give me
I asked him for a rare pepe
that's not even pepe
terrible
@MemeBot give me your rarest pepe
does memebot do anything
also I kicked it
that bot is broken and cancer af
joy don't do it
or text
if you search for his name
but face bot shows when the title changes and who did it
those two are cancer
I actually like the face bot
hahahah
l
u
l
lul
@Jessie Humani call everyone a faggot
he only shows up when you change the name
its a stream chat, leave the stream title
why do you guys keep changing the title
None of these are worth any significant money tho so I&#x27;d take tacos if they&#x27;re instant
10k/yr healthcare for 80 years
Unless you spend 80k a year on gas pink is more money
yea yellow or pink
wutface
because all you wanted was to test him for autism
tfw parsa blocks you
yea but shes borderline autistic
fake polls
fake news
rigged
you must be autistic if you care about those 2 points
wow 2 less
yes
or is it just that one video
does collegehumor suck now
what part of stream chat is unclear
degenerate fuckos
now take my autism test too
there we go
fuckin reposter
photo bombing != posting multiple pictures of different thigns
id appreciate some fucking recognition
i put like 10 seconds of effort downloading this cancer album
I feel like you guys don't appreciate my hentai memes
night bitches
ok I'm done
leggooooooooooooooooo
you bitches aren't een ready for this
wait wait wait
wait its not an excuse
and whats weebiness
its hard to tell whats autism
I mean at this point
but not too cancer to look at
its really hard to find stuff that's cancer enough to post
autistic weebposting
after lockin
dumbass managed to quit in champ select
I like luna more
helios isn't even the cool cat
(cool)
joy is ratchet af
gtfo
fucking peasant bitch
I feel like youd enjoy that more
bitch looks Chinese as fuck
you can easily just 5 man in flex que
who plays 3s
RANKED
AGE
NEW
new age memes
flex
ranked
lmao
we can all flex que
aids in my ass
told her to go away
for like a fucking year
sexually harassed me
Nathan that girl on the left
good
it
makes
surgery
10/10 eyes
wtf is that tattoo
marry fuck kill
only difference between jett and milo is their hair shape
I said white people look the same to me
yall cant shitpost on my level
nothing else goin on tho
cant be lower than 5
not fat, black hair, tits
5/10
better?
that makes it
but not like anorexic skinny
shes skinny
would tap lul
why rito
this is bullshit lmao
cancer
slavery
modern
this is modern slavery
wtf they made me switch to the new league client
lmao
hell yea
lola rabbit
kappa
judy == jew d
Jew D lul
what are these old memes
do it
Michael wheres your coat at
game is hard
woo wee woo
same
this shrimp punches the crabs arm off lmao
didn't way more people die than that
drywall nigga
wtf is wetwall
dry
"dude"
"far out"
lenny
fucking
wonder tastes good
me too thanks
my favorite color is wonder
mars whats your favorite color of wall
wanna share
same
more like dead memes
t e a m?
weaponized autism at work
feelsbadman
nazi mods enforcing the only important factor of chat, that its a stream chat
stop changing the title to non stream things ffs
stop changing the title to non-stream shit
brb imma get one
cause no mic on this comp
the struggle is either i cant talk or cant see the stream
l i t
that comes first
so
but we also need david to stream
yea it is
thats like basic math dude
no this is a stream chat
also stream
to cook
its time
they will be if you start it
do itttttt
stream
team
also lcs was lit. fiestas for days
hey parsa wanna team
me irl
ye
team is kill
my team is now
your team is up
wheres team at
except like idk even my roommates names
now I wanna go through my floor and look for a door with clappy on it
me too thanks
clappy?
candice
or was it carol
no I'm chevron
today I'm cehvron
usually when it misreads my finger its an Asian guy name lee
yea idk
chevron or smth
it came up as some white girls
my fingerprint was high too tho
lit
its
if youre clearly high
just looks at you funny
our check in dude
kappa
spam lord helix for anarchy
or anarchy chat
are we a democracy
so the question is
exceeded the kick
so like the vote for Michael to come back
how is horoscope still broken wtf
@Horoscope Virgo
@Horoscope Virgo
rip
lmao I was gonna give him an hour to even up the score
bye then
well shit
2-0 then
I am
yea
and 1 against
that's 2 votes for kick michael
misclicked lul
its stopped
how long do they have to be gone for it to stop
wait when I add him back will it keep going
@Jessie Humani I rape kids
@Jessie Humani bitch whats up
everyone else gets spam time outs
only parsa gets kicked
team?
same
i forgot completely
lol no
c omegalul v e r
aight fair
youre locked at home
bitch what do you even do
im busy as fuck this week and wont be able to really work on session until the weekend. you guys good for saturday after noon or sunday? otherwise next week 
the link for the next campaign
wtf
and then dced
u cut out
shit im the late one
you all here?
0
7
the way it works rn is the others are supposed to be the advisory council from the last mayor who 'died naturally' and was replaced by the well-meaning but incompetant pc mayor
at any point
nobody doubted that
yes
imo youd have to be one of the 'human' ish races for it to make sense
also has to be an empire kid
yea that was always the plan but whoever it is has to toe the line between bumbling incompetant and still trying to help the town
and every now and then a mainland empire ship drops by with goods or visitors
still living on old school human power and shit but with a few modern inventions
but yea i imagined it as running something of like an early 1600-1700s outpost town
a dock, city square, and a local mine
theres a town HQ where the governor and his council and some guards sleep
mission/outpost same thing
after like 2 months of planning to
ive actually started to work on it
yea its the hq for next campaign
also made evening/night versions
the mission
scaling is gay
dont play for lategame
or i guess can be
cause of how risky early levels are gonna be
the plan was always last hits are just a small bonus to xp
and its only 10%. so a 50 xp mob is still 50 to everyone, just 55 to the last hit
so theres risk in being in the fray and getting hits
going for executions on down targets or ganging weak ones
mobs are going to still be smart
also its not like its as easy as 'wait for last hit;
so to embrace the fucked theres some light interparty competition
cause i figured the early levels where youre just these trolls who have no idea how to run the town and shit will be a lot of fuckery anyway
also cause if you die you have less so going for last hits is risk/reward
fuck you xp is danker
that sorta thing
and killing people who havent attacked you is negative xp
ik mars saw but i was thinking of doing xp instead of milestone some time. make it so like last hits are an extra 10% or healing a critical hp ally too, still sticking with rp encounters give level progress
whole 24 hours
hey at least youre early for once
today is thursday
mars
7
7tmrw
anyway
sure. i just think itd be more interesting with facial expression but we can hold off
zoom on your phone
fuck do you do for classes miles
ok negro
you guys ever wanna try with camera on now that assumedly we all have to have one for zoom and shit anyway
thats about it
itll probably be fun learning it for a little bit with friends
and not the good ones
its csgo but once every 5 minutes you get to use 1 ability from overwatch
dw i was meming im not gonna valorant
later nerd
yea exactly
no campaign next 2 months
xd i got valorant beta
Pure original CONTENT 
And we chase a coke thief
Just rip lost mines of phandelver except make it lost lines 
Swear every oath under the sun and get your crusading suits
Boys it's time to be the a-men
I smell a sequel brewing
what should we be expecting for this new triple a title
are we overhyped or underhyped
whats the pre release news about memelos game
ah i see you found a picture of glorfindel
i gtg do shit with christina so
before you head to hakone and help rei
lucia - convert temple to Ra so she can use concordance again
draymond - build wizard tower
others dm me whats happening in the 4 months
7
7
mars is so late he even stand himself up xd
i can do either. whenever we can get more ppl
could do 9 or miss second half of lecture xd
3 hours is 8 right
im down
?
thought he was memeing since last one was april 1
aight sick
oh fr. 
ay mars whens next session kappa
you and whoever fills in while youre adventuring
to pay the admin staff ofc
math time ig. guild makes like ~10k in dues a month and gets like 50k worth of contracts on average. standard used to be the guild takes 5% so thats 10k + 2500 a month. about 3 mil in USD
math time ig. guild makes like ~10k in dues a month and gets like 50k worth of contracts on average. standard used to be the guild takes 5% so thats 10k + 2500 a month. about 3 mil in USD
more importantly he only brings out the tentacles if someone cant be bribed
wait even eldritch gods need gold. if gold powers spells and spells cant create gold, then isnt gold technically just condensed power
in which ill probably have another session at like month 7 1/2 out of 8 then carim
though there should be another 4 after session before the boat arrives in carim
depends how long lautrec was out preaching. i assumed it was at least 3 of the 4 months before next session
youll see what she wants
at some point he gave up or smth. who knows. last anyone heard from him he just roams the forests hunting monsters. must have found some inner peace though since the elves around dc havent been murdering as many humans for fun
also remember glorfindel isn't even in daggercourt at the moment
only 13 year old who likes to go to church
all the true gods were once the First People. Ra was one of their kings and ascended first among the olympian gods. Fina is of a younger generation. more like a distant granddaughter or smth
says the man who stood with ra on the edge of the world after pulling the sun to a new dawn
the church in action
that kinda thing
the church has a kind of escalating punishment thing where they first tell you to stop, then they kill some of your animals or confiscate your goods, then they burn your house down, and then if you keep going they cut out your tongue and push you into the army as a slave
yea. thats why they keep to small underground gatherings. most of them are merchants or sailors who travel often so can meet up with others of the faith. its not as bad as when daggercourt was almost rioting but theyre still sought after by church inquisitors
what happens when fina's followers start gathering behind him. theres only a few, maybe 5-10 in a city, but most want to rally behind durendal and see lautrec as a holy figure. is he gonna start a central church or tell them to stay hidden like before or what
miles is lautrec doing this in daggercourt or elsewhere
yea mars you can give me 2 d100 rolls
which is the next session and also a good chance to take a look around dc and arentia for a little bit
4 months after arriving back at the estate, while youre chilling and crafting or hanging with morozov and his wife youre going to receive a letter from yumiko saying she needs that help
so remember how you guys asked yumiko for her help and swore a binding oath to help her whenever she needs
i wanna see 3 papers a year for the next 5 years
listen youre just lecturing. you get paid 250 a month until you work up to tenure ok
thats nuts
has it been a full ass year
the gem at least is done
not done with the staff cause that was unexpected but
Thanatos's Gift - A small crimson stone in the shape of a teardrop. This 2-inch crystal is warm to the touch, like feverish blood. Many names have been given to weapons beset with such gems over the years, their edges keen beyond compare. The mightiest are most famously known as the Vorpal blades.
Can be set in a weapon to imbue it with unnatural sharpness. Grants the following:
+2 to hit and damage
-If you deal slashing damage and critically strike with a natural 20, deal an additional 4d6 damage the creature makes a Con save against a DC 15. On a failure, the creature bleeds out for 1d6 turns, taking half the attack's damage at the start of each turn.
true
11. basically gods
everyone levels
oh right
govt is trash
and theres years where my mom does the same, but then theres other years where a solid idea gets 100k and a fuck you
ive worked labs where the professor just pushes his phd students thesis to a journal and gets millions
also research funding is either raining on you or a sahara drought
rigged test
now i get istp
i used to get intp in hs
@milo or jett 7
good enough
well at least everyone but the amoore boys saw it
at least give me like a '4' of confirmation
7 boys remember
777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777
go check it out
ok i painted a far less scuffed barge map
bamdul c.1121 3e
ay miles where u at
eating. gonna be on 7
4
ez
wait hold on. (4 + (2*0) - 6 + 9) = 7
wait hold on. (4 + (2*0) - 6 + 9) = 7
duh
= 4 + 2 + 0
7
everyone agreed. 7 tmrw
@frenchies
ye
you dont have to answer cause ill take that as agreement. just know that silence means 7
Milo Jett Collin Ride 7
unless someone objects im starting call at 7
get a little more in before the boomers hit
so. 7 tomorrow? 8?
Boomer hours but ok
Also for Friday do you guys wanna start earlier. 7-8 since jett isn't working now
anyone else get like 3 microsecond blackouts in a row
rest of the week
im still dibs on friday but i dont do shit anymore
im fucking with you idk when miles or milo wanna run
ez
m w f sun
ok miles you can have the sunday slot xd
mars are we 10 or 11
dnd 3 times a week for quarantine. fastest months ever
shouldve named the campaign "quaran-team"
yes
me boba fett
nierya?
whatd everyone else give mihara. i lost my notes
you guys looking to duck game or scribblio beforehand
korean incels are the best incels
jett go make milo take a 2 hour nap
you said 9 nig
9
mood. im slept too
Will be back by 9 tho
9 then. Tell Milo and jett. I'm outside
So like jett Colin fucking answer
Is there something tonight. Idc today or tomorrow as long as it's decided soon
Rest of you guys?
Rest of you guys?
unless theres a time that 100% works for everyone sat or sun id rather do today
but yea. 99999999999999999999
although we werent talking about changing the time permanently just for this week miles
fair. today it is then
yea im down. waiting to see responses. if people cant do the other days just do tonight tho
unless some time sat or sun really does work since were all stuck inside anyway
im down to still run. 1 missing isnt too bad
details on the relics handout
inside is the new Elf-crusher
a month in, another explosive-wrapped package arrives from mihara
but you can swap them on an Extended Rest once learned
yea but you can only have 2 additional proficiencies from courses at a time
which courses
you know i didnt see miles's message so yea. you can get the rapiers reforged up to superior and take courses
miles secretly is an artist
in like the next hour
pick one
were you guys going to imeset ruins or avaris
lets be honest
idk. i might kill one of you for reality bending power
just murder your friend 4head
also kaede: that rune is so fucked beyond belief that implanting it on a human would mean certain death or at least enslavement by lolth. it can be combined with another imperfect or weathered rune into one, weak but functional, rune. the process itself wouldnt be easy but the materials would be procurable. everything but the other rune its being repaired with. alternatively, it could likely be used to convert a full metallic rune into one of carius
bishmallah brother
also bamdul's hextech arm arrives through the portable hole in a neat package wrapped in explosives. the handout for it is under relics/magic items
oh right rei isnt going to the estate. she circles back to her home for a while
eating till 999
lets just say 99
no. 14 o clock sharp
clearly the next number was 14
9
4
ye
fuck u
and looking to do scribblio or jackbox or smthh
anyone here rn
historically accurate
damn nice
also i takke everyones silence and the ongoing apocalypse as confirmation of availability at 9 tmrw
m a g i c
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999
also
and now the rest of the world soono
fuck it there can be a plague in the Jin empire
damn really. tell me more
so i have hella free time now
we'll see. just got back from camping to find all my classes are online until semester's end
And shit really changes
There's the split option of mission sm to level 5 then the marks appear
But idc
Lmao you know for me mission sm free as fuck
doomed
well its 3-3 split between milo jett mars and parsa collin miles
as long as theres sufficient reason for them to have been essentially exiled to this place
sent to this random outpost as a punishment
maybe? edgy noble teen kicked out for killing a man in a crossbow duel with his handmade guns
im thinking either the outpost or the whole 'runes returning, magic returning, world ending in eldritch horrors, thing i talked about last time
and you decide where to take the town. whaling or mine or whatever the fuck
no schools. few farms. a mine maybe
mayor and his advisers as the pcs. like 10 guardsman. a local priest. a ranger or two. maybe a novice wizard. and some townspeople
little shitty outpost town
all the advisers are like 20 year olds or their racial equivalent from across the empire here for money or glory or just on accident
cause like youre only mayor because nobody else wanted the post
yea but withh a lot less assumed competence
or need to make money to pay the taxes
i can just yoink the real SM topology and shit. various events like idk pirates
one person is the governor, everyone else is advisers
and you guys just (mis)manage the shit out of the town
this little outpost town on the far outskirts of some empire
next campaign: Outpost Santa Monica
also hear me out
itll be a bit of a process but her plan is to throw them through your portable hole onto the ship when its done
collin everyone negotiated one item from the gnome. you can give her smth to be upgraded
@mars @miles get in call
and we start early
so if youre all good lmk
well jetts here
qqqqq
or wack game
are we pregame scribblio
xd
same
4 hours till 3
ye
And that was never the intention
But I wasn't before
Ok well now I'm into demons
What's that from just akin
Lmao that's great
You like weird waifus if a demon bound tieflimg is your thing
I see. Didn't know the expected time lime was that short 
Right but you get the dagger regardless for the raid
Just the dagger
She offered to HIRE you to help her conquer but doesn't need that
With an undecided final owner
And then let you have it and any people you need to raid the peak
She said she would take it for a year to conquer her home
So I wanna know like why
Well this all stemmed from him saying everyone's plan was to kill her
even offered to hire you all as mercs
she opened up about everything and didnt try to keep any secrets
you guys can let me know what you dont like about rei tho since she'll be here a little bit 
lmao
they stay within a 10ft huddle and give each other +20 to saves 
nah but i can charactermancer up 4 level 15 paladins real fast if you want
even if a 4 stack of paladins would be hilarious
and the a-men wont have to be a fight
ill make npcs more likeable or helpful or whatever
drop the egos a little
just saying maybe be people
im not calling just milo out
without her having said a single thing
you ran right up and stopped her binding
so like what the fuck
cleaning up the masks, hydrius, fighting the Other
despite lucias outright antagonistic disposition to lynelle she still tried to help out
clearly not if parsa is saying everyone but collin who he doesnt know said they want to kill the npcs
because thats what i thought your goal was
the best and the most capable to cleanse this place of its ancient evil
the plan was to raise an army right
also mars the reason you bump important npcs now is cause its me trying to tell you to get allies for azure peak
idk doesnt fit with chad brad thad and lad
who go around delivering divine justice to people who abuse their power
like i said theres a holy order of paladins known as the a-men
that just got left behind
like before leaving daggercourt there was a full house staff
there was a while where you went around just recruiting the small time villagers to morozovs place
also known as the a-men
aasimar paladins of pelor
chad, brad, thad, and lad
lad largebrew
bronze dragon wouldve got murdered so he left
got murdered
ship captain
thad treehugger
i have chadius lightwing, brad hammerarm
also i need names for the a-men
decidedly hating npcs for being involved in the world in a large way is like hating a president for having an ego
but certain actions make no sense
idc about the personality
ultimately you decide who she is tho
but the random murderhoboing is gonna get punished now
i mean do the personality you want to do for her
oof
also if youre sick of lucia then give her a personality. you just adopted the murderhobo tendencies of everyone else
still have the coin from the beggar god
if you want to be lucian chance thats fine too
to sound like gwyn tho whats the difference
level 10 big leagues
and they send their champions to deal with the issue
wanton murder from powerful people draws the attention of the gods
but yea. from now on its one of the two
until its actually in my mind
i mean he brings up all the shit that tilts me
also parsa is the shittiest problem solver ever and i couldnt stay in that call
and dont have murderhobo pcs with massive egos
or just fucking dont fight the npcs for no reason
or theres a penalty like fighting the a-men
so like theres a few ways around it. remove incentive, aka all magic items are soulbound and we don't do xp anyway
but the thing is you guys just instantly turn on npcs for the sake of it
also lord loren
for the record milo there was also the boat captain who just talked about kator and his old campaigns and told you about the land
ye
also some crack cocaine
sugar. spice. everything nice.
more annoying than ever
girler
smaller
damn wait till you see the next one
theyre always watching you when you have one
but if you read the thing on demon lord boons
idk why this is the goal
im ready
well anyway
and milo
parsa
not gangbang
so its boss fight
she can conjure amonzako
hey niggers. ik you wanna fight rei so just remember
9
tomorrow
Vatqar - A medium sized port town just at the edge of the Iumun Desert, where the Sandmire Ridges shadow overhead just north of town. No walls protect the city, the wooden houses are simply built upon the somewhat stable coastal sandstone and loosely grouped. A single road of siltstone leads from the harbor into the town. You notice a substantial count of foreign ships docked in the harbor. Of the available docks, four are stationed by the tall and grandiose junks in the Jin style, decorated with gold and likely stuffed full of goods and men. Three smaller Hakone longships are docked nearby, one still unloading two dozen armed soldiers carrying only their possessions. Only one Katorian trireme is docked. You flash the dock master the pendant given to you by the strange Jin emissaries and they allow you to dock and unload without fee. You notice that Rei has let her illusion slip slightly, keeping her human coloration but exposing the four inch horns protruding forward and up from her forehead, as well as her slender and barbed tail. Some of the Hakone warriors bow forward as she passes, hands on the hilts of their side-swords. A brief conversation in Infernal occurs, causing an angry gust of wind and the flickering of nearby braziers with tints of white at the root of the flames.
“These men are from Sakai. They bring news from the Moondancers that this land is on the brink of war. We live in fortunate times indeed. The isles will wear themselves thin on greed, thirsting for the weapons and gold this land will trade them for blood. Amonzako has promised that this time is different. There is true hatred that has simmered in Sunborn hearts for centuries on end, the last echoes of fraternity among them die. This time, they will truly seek the deaths of one another. This time, they will see their ambitions of ending the world through to its end or their own. Even those of the Darkness Beyond are stirring. The Sunborn will bring the Void if it means their own victory. I must consult further. There are patterns to draw. Contracts to find and exploit. Leitnaught will reveal itself in the coming conflict. I am sure of it.”
anyway heres what happened in vatqar since we're apparently all cool skipping over minor port city
just the fractured descendants
in a way. those people essentially are the ancient civilization
druids basically
like the cat people, bear people, etc
and the shamans fight among the tribes using these animals and the people are defined by the animals their shamans choose to bind
essentially native americans who channel power into the beasts to live on the harsh ices
if youve read the raven's shadow trilogy i was thinking its more like that
so at least those are there
i think i got all the supplements including subraces and spells tho
js
its still dog if youre not an official subclass
its smooth as fuck now yea
ay thats a good zone
anyone here run Ulduar in world of warcraft
2 sailing weeks
i wish UA shit was too tho
so anything not from there is still probably fair game but thats the shit that is drag and droppable
for the future i have the PHB, XGE, and tome of foes added in the compendium
jett idk when you fell asleep so lmk and i can fill you in on what you missed
shit true
the m boys
assumng mars late. where miles and milo
spam r for ready. readycheck machine broke
whos r
finish up a good filet then stab your nearby table
parsa the kind of shady fucker who would knife someone with a steak knife tho
7 hours. get your boomer naps in if you need it
i already know whats the worst roll they can have advantage on is too
xd
you just gave an enemy inspiration
negative inspiration
have i said 9pm tomorrow enough times
or duke since the clan heads are vying for kingship over the island
essentially like a count and not a king
at the moment the structure is the 4 clans and their heads, each with 3-4 major families that serve them. and in turn those families have lesser houses under them and so on. The highest a human would rise at the moment is head of a major family, with their own Hexblade and warriors, just not the head of the whole clan
because nobility is based on your ability to command warriors
so even if the head of a clan is tiefling, his right hand man can be human
but they still have their own subservient houses who have their own warriors, either sworn to their lesser hexblades or just skilled fighters
and the families that originally made deals with the RQ for these weapons were tieflings and so now the nobility is all tiefling
the more thorough answer is that the warlords are in power due to possessing powerful hexblades that are able to create Oathsworn (samurai basically) to fight their battles for them
shit can just happen.
adopted commoner then
its a s p e c t r u m
and humans there can possess tiefling features without being a tiefling, just a human with a tail or smth
well the tieflings in hakone tend to look roughly human, only the very pure ones end up with different skin tones and large horns
Yea 
Also. 9 tmrw. No boomer mode
yea thats fair
cmonbruh thats r a c i s t
so really a hexblade is nightblood
yes. except a hexblade claims your soul when you die
basic shit that a noble in arentia would know
ik miles's weeb ass wanted to make a hakone samurai or smth so this is what i have so far
Hakone people - Status based on tiefling blood which manifests uniquely among Hakone. Hakone tieflings have pale, almost human-toned skin, though their eyes are crimson red. Their horns are usually short, but tails are long and whiplike. Few have hooves, though most have razor sharp blade-like protrusions curving out at the elbow and back inwards by the upper arm. Based on blood purity, some features may be forgotten. Only the most pure-blood of the Hakone Tieflings manifest crimson, violet, grey, or bone-white skin depending on their house and lineage.

Culture - Maternal lines, hierarchy on infernal purity. Fish for sustenance and light foraging and farming. The soil of Hakone is largely poor sub-mountainous terrain or impossibly steep slopes. Many waterfalls and springs for bathing. Honor bound. Largely non-religious outside of niche cults. 
	Each major noble house is in possession of an ancient Hexblade bestowed to them by the Raven Queen herself in days past. Minor houses may have their own weapons but not as powerful. Some houses have multiple hexblades of varying power, collected from battles won.
	Oathbound - Warriors sworn to the ancestral weapon of a house. Most attain this station by forming a pact with the Hexblade of their master, but some attain the skill to stand on par with other Oathbound without such power. When a Hexsworn dies, their soul feeds the power of their patron, bolstering the house even in death.
or just make them
deadass makes it so much easier to level up npcs
i caved and bought the phb and xge on r20. ill make it shared to all you fucks so you can easily add those spells in
also its better art than my MS paint enadian page lol
usually its just milo MSpainting shit a different color
its a good new token
I like it. The Blade of the Redeemer has a new master and a new purpose
actually tho letting the world know you have a saint relic may not be optimal. consider
anime style
or do you want to keep it wrapped up for special monsters
is the light of durendal not enough for you huh
is the light of durendal not enough for you huh
with the option to use all its features and take 9d6 per round
so it should be a +2 longsword, casts sunlight up to 30ft and dim light 30ft beyond that, deals 1d10 additional radiant damage on hit increased to 2d10 against fiends/undead
btw miles you can rename Durendal to smth else if you want. its your relic now. i also forgot to note the glowing sunlight up to 30ft due to it being radiant gold also still effects even without the rune
you guys like the dungeon and the iona arc?
lagmaron ayyyy
right as i left call
christina finished my chimera collection in summoners war
bruh
my power nap failed. anyone skribblio for 30 minutes
Just be ready to finish the dungeon at least to the point you find the exit and fight the spooky boys
9 tmrw. Finish tower. Don't be tired
wack?
One divine Ideal, two godly manifestations
Ideal - knowledge. Ioun - shared knowledge, Fina - hidden secrets
back to meme
ok good
meme aside you guys got the part about ioun/fina being one Ideal but two sides right
If dropping angels makes a god isn't syvana a god among gods
It's like Sunday school gone wrong here
Yikes 
but different
same same
Oh shit. We dipped so fast I forgot to say everyone milestone hit 9 off "clearing" the first floor
: )
fuck u mars
mars collin get in here
kappa
okm y mic broke 1 sec
damn
ok cool
whos here for pregame skribblio
imma try that
Fuck u
There’s a meteor shower outside
idk ride him into the swine den
So that’s what we’re going 
I built a real pig dungeon
Pog?
Oh damn. Same
sick
also does anyone have darkvision
99
also in case anyone forgot
4444444
9
friday
quality rp
the invention of the mexican cartel, 2020
do you know the chemical process for making roofies
legally yes
now that we have the eye monster things limiting vision tho. free
but when everyone has 100ft darkvision and i dont want to set up lighting for 4hrs you guys could basically see one end to the other
we did a lot of dungeons there
and like 3 people had 100+ft darkvision so it got kinda pointless
i like it. kevin had it scuffed as fuck tho
ok cool. i wanted to build one but there were issues in the past
does anyone actively hate the dynamic lighting and or dungeons
quite observant are we
its fine 
ye
which is scuffed as fuck. if i applied like a month earlier wouldve been fine
didnt get it. theyre waitlisting people
well fuck
didnt really help
you know. i tried that
I am become stress
I am become stress
guess its 50-50
idk what happened
yea thats fine lets just say nothing this week
And time to write campaign shit. Been so fucking busy
i just want my money
idk yet. im just stressed to fuck
in case 2 either i can't do dnd because sad hours or i need to do dnd to cure myself
ok so tomorrow either i get the amazon job or i fall into deep depression
Spoken like a true broke bitch
Bruh
restarting my comp
my mic is scuffed
mars has been surprisingly on time recently
everythings coming up nine
nine saints, nine elevelynn, nine o clock
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999
wide boy
lynelle's specialty
also no planar binding shit
i think
except without simulacrum - wish abilities
lore bards are just wizards
a warning
a prophecy
remember this for like 4-6 months in the future
dont be a parsa
then we've reached critical mass
but if you add another half parsa
and thats fine
bamdul is half parsa
yea basically
as long as you arent a serial killer and are willing to work with others towards a greater good that benefits you like saving the gd world or your city
drakki
like iago/cheqir
just no malicious psychopaths
ok you know what i meant by allgood
xd
he was always jacob
because there never was a joseph
you think youve gone slightly mad, like something behind the scenes is pulling strings you cant see
you don't know why your memory fails to align with what is before your face
then in character youre deeply unsettled
also if you insist on calling him joe/joseph
or no malicious
all good can be like no-evil
we got jacob
for now
but thats all really long term hypothetical
imo my plan is to pick up the campaign pace now that youve entered into the world of influential people right. even so itll be at least 2 months before azure. then we can like take a few weeks off while i remake some of the map and then decide if we really wanna do all good, 3d6
you arent ready for azure peak yet
idk. itll be a while anyway
dies to wolves
no machete first buy
worst jg NA
*inted to wolves
hes the MC anime girl
thats his thing'
milo plays divine characters 
yea it worked
lmao
we just dropped parsa and kept going
it was but then we never resetarted 
3d6 stats
next campaign all good pcs
we actually talked about that a long time ago
good boogaloo
campaign 2
not that im not but
hes just evil irl
but yea. parsa playing a good character would be dank
ty for this amazing ted talk
when we all know its milo who suffers from MCS
see parsa's evil is always main character syndrome evil
thatd be dank
parsa trying to be good tho
"my evil goal is finished, time to go"
and he always goes evil then leaves
noxalas being true neutral was aids
also would you guys be opposed to saying he has to be good or lawful
hes gonna drop the character in like 2 days
is he actually
drakki died under suspicious circumstance
and we got drakki
and happens to be named completely differently
"Anyone notice how this one beach in Kator is strangely lush and temperate"
xd
just plop SM into a random continent in a foreign world
ik the mountains and the local wildlife
im down to have santa monica as an area tho
its dank but id get sick of it after a little
what a legendary setting
and takes place in the exotic land of santa barbara
lilys campaign features poe tato, daffodil, kanon d b'aal, and daescarth
-penny
"i took this, you can have it back but now you owe me"
cant yoink her journal
nah i made it lucia only
it has no need to remind mortals it exists
but the fear of the dark is so primal and ingrained
well the other fears need to impose themselves upon reality so people fear them more/continue to fear them
waiting for the waiter
anymore
technically nobody knows that
yea ik
he brought their first servant to you
maybe iago is why all the entities are sending shit to you guys
but it was really just a servant of the Chaos
he called it "The Miracle"
literally worshiped a god who forcibly deforms people
of mutation and debility
it was a grove of an evil god
he had nothing left
his sacred grove burned down
im ok with him having been killed in his cell
is he alive or dead in a cell
schroedingers iago
like "hey i woke up, lets fucking brawl"
my favorite part about that was how many times he tried to take the guards while at 1 hp
what a fucking lad
wait did he drop any black empire characters
so 5
he just stood in the tuskaloth herd
it was dumb
perfect swimming hole
big lake of feywild monsters red with blood 
i mean he was kinda retarded
so 3 then. 3 + noxalas
do we count that as leaving
lmao
she inted
oh yea
what dusted her
i did?
ok so thats 4 so far
after like 2 sessions right
who fuckin left
nah she was a drow gloom stalker
valyra was some drow
i thought he was the fighter lady
was he playing valyra for the lilith fight
was he valyra or was that mars
cheqir left
then braccus
ok first was godfrey
for like no reason
never forget how she just up and left
also cheqir
rap bard
gnome artificer who buffs people with crack
every time theres a dnd campaign with lily and toast its super wack and dank
Can't do other stuff tho
Ig you do if you meditate 
Or getting some back on short rests
Monks would be fair and fun with somewhere around 2.5x ki
Just stats
They're the same as wizards but they don't get spells
Fighter only has like 3 class features
So nobody really gets to do their thing
So nobody really gets to do their thing
But their mechanics are ass
Same as how fighters are cool veterans with plenty of life experience operating in a theater of war
With cool life insights and shit
Monks are cooler in rp as these foreign wise men
Even after the UA buff to let them use weapons too 
If any of you roll a monk you can have like twice the amount and still be balanced lol
darkest dungeon UA when
kaede only has stretches 
everyone else has a pretty close dd match
and his big form is the beast within
unless you think hes abomination
occultist is the only one close
i mean theres no psionics in dd
penny - highwayman, lautrec - crusader, lucia - vestal, bamdul - hellion, kaede - occultist?
ancestor boogaloo
whens dd2
crusader worst class
dismas is the useful one
he really is out here playing darkest dungeon and dragons
changing the name for mars huh
who doesnt like jacob
all i know is i wanna keep running this world and parsa and miles had plans for fighter characters
although i didnt really think about what even happens after
right so like itll be a bit tho before the time skip
each relic can clear the way for 9 people
but idk how long itll take you guys to track the relics either
i pictured it more as like a gathering of allies
i dont think azure peak will be a 20th level thing
well yea. youre either dead or the world will start to change
then next campaign is like some time in the future
so the conclusion would be azure peak, a big event there
loosely my plan is - bamdul - done
lautrec - kaede - lucia all will likely find what they seek during the hunt for the saint's relics
penny - doing her thing and will probably be satisfied too
next campaign was gonna be this world yea
yea sure
he didnt make one afaik
Not for any time soon just eventually
Are all of you still cool with Parsa 
if you ever played WoW vyrmias is just professor putricide going "Good news everyone! I've perfected the plague"
they exist only in lucias notes
canonically none of the others know about the entities
Really a lot of negatives and a lot of positives
And always tearing themselves apart when an emperor dies
Along with brutal expansion and espionage
I mean it's not the greatest place. It's loosely a collection of tribes in a cult worshiping their emperor. They have a lot of civil wars and rebellions that the god-warriors suppress and other internal issues 
Go join with decimur then
Trade with them opens you to the whole world essentially. Jin and hakone are at the center of the market
But morozov wants the jin in power. It's profitable
Vyrmias definitely would
Anyone read the kator handout
Idk you guys got any disease recipes or hookups
straight up took my dice and got the big 000
actually did roll 100 when you planted that bean
yep night
is penny
as of rn the party is a hotspot of cosmic importance if you think about it. Bamdul the heir of the Goliath King, Kaede is one of Iouns Chosen, Lautrec is one of Fina's greatest and most devout followers, Lucia now bears Nilgesh's secrets and penny
but it opens opportunity
knowledge taints
like even the Jin god-warriors were suss and wary of her
and those close to the entities of fundamental evil and good can sense that
because as of right now lucia is one of two people who have any knowledge from that book
and the Other sent his watchers
the Chaos sent xargrul to deal
well after lucia gained nilgesh's knowledge she became a hotspot for the other entities
all at the low price of freeing her
serve and gain some extra warlock shit
her offer is still up xd
but you know what they say. the path of good is hardest to walk
so next time i promise ill make a good thingy to deal with after 2x offering demon deals
where is team
team
makes me want to puke
the sissy hypnosis shit
this chat is to remain a safe haven from gwyn and her femininity and overall gayness
xd
Everyone. Tomorrow. Nine?
saved by witcher potion
he was just an inter otherwise
drakki was only good cause of his death
never forget cheqir
ik. some of his shit was funny though
and i found this saved and im salty again
i linked him this shit too. hes just a bitch
and even if the whole place was 20k people there should still be at least 1 level 17
yea but he was tilted the archbishop existed
assuming 40k people there should be mathematically way more people that can fuck his day
math
also remember how parsa flamed me cause i had 1 high level npc in the city
xd
asking milo to share
also i listed all the shit lucia learned about poisons, rituals, and vampirism on a handout in letters/notes. i can make it available to all pcs if she'd share the info
you probably want to determine a region order to search in though. Kator is large and travel back and forth in specific areas is hard
sneaky way to try and avoid all the asking and searching
Scrying specifies a creature
That might be a basement
Depends how intellectual you want to be with searching. You know it's probably wherever this person died
That's one way to search. I'm with it 
Vecnas book doesn't keep live track of where things are
Fair. But for now the lead in kator is her best one assuming she doesn't want to track down glorfindel or yoink vilya from the church 
Weren't you looking for saints relics or is Lucia full dark now 
Such as vampires being born of the painted one
The ability to recognize entity influence
The ability to commune with fiends through a modified divination
You get some useful stuff just minor. Knowledge of fiend cults and other evil to be able to identify their religious symbols
also you need to visit a total of 6 times to gather this much and memorize/write it down
Vecna’s dark rituals are seemingly endless and you hope to conserve the hourglass’s power. Thus, you note only the general formula and the most useful rituals.
Summoning of a Fiend (above CR 8) - requires the true name of a fiend and symbols drawn in human blood spilled by a Karras stone blade. Demons desire the wanton slaughter of sacrifices upon their summoning place while devils answer to those who offer souls. Fiends summoned this way are not bound, Vecna recommends drawing a Magic Circle inverted beforehand and using a planar binding upon them.
Fusing of monsters - Vecna is vague here, detailing only the equipment and materials needed. Says that most beasts can be fused but the process is long and arduous, hypothesizing they can only be achieved by a lich who needs not breath and pause incantation. Once created, a monster can create a lineage as it is introduced to the world and discovers how to breed.
Vampirism - Vecna describes in detail the spreading of vampirism and their behaviors. Modern knowledge has seemingly caught up to him here.
Rituals of the Entities - Vecna writes about the many trials he performed to contact and conjure the Entities. Dozens if not hundreds of tries all failed, giving him only glimpses of their true nature. His final trial notes that Tharizdun consumed a fragment of the The Chaos and writes that if he were a god, he may be able to contact them. Details a plan for corrupting the White Tree and the emperor in order to drive him to insanity. Plans on using the emperor’s madness as a conduit to contact Nilgesh.
The Unmaking of a Celestial - A ritual to erase the memory of a celestial from existence. The process is difficult and requires many casters, as well as the celestial to be bound. 
Relics - Vecna notes a few relics he left to his followers
The Eye of Vecna
The Hand of Vecna
The Sword of Kas
Robes of the Lich
Bones of the First Emperor
Xargrul’s Warbanner
Asmodeus’s law book
Gabriel’s Wings
and countless others seemingly crossed out, perhaps destroyed.

but thats the way things always were so life has adapted
theyre half-threats. theyve always existed and various things are caused by them such as the Chaos creating demons
You burn another charge of Khronos’s ichor and the hourglass throws you backwards in time. You watch yourself turning the pages of Vecna’s book and study the secrets within. You first learn of Vecna’s study of those he titles the Entities. He describes them as elders of creation, born from primordial fear and fundamental evil. The book only briefly notes the possible existence of others, born from fundamental good. Vecna describes his research into the Entities and his findings of their sources, though he names only one - Nilgesh, simply titling the others. 
Nilgesh - the bringer of Desolation, the manifestation of primal fear of loss, fear of death, fear of ceasing to exist. He is the manifested terror that great tragedy can strike at any moment and strip you of all you hold dear. Nilgesh is also the fear of burning and calamity.
The Other - the watcher in the nothingness. A manifestation of the fear of being watched and having your secrets known, the fear that something out there has hidden knowledge pertaining to you, that you dance in its web unknowingly. Also a manifestation of the fear that something or someone is not as it seems. Fear of being replaced by a mimicry and the fear of dolls.
The Painted One - the devourer. The manifestation of the fear of being prey, of having a creature hunt you. The fear of being raised for slaughter and brought to harvest. Fear of sudden violence and war.
The Chaos - the shard of fundamental Evil consumed by Tharizdun. The fear of fires that burn indiscriminately and of creatures that seek only destruction. The fear of madness and corruption. This entity lies partially in the Abyss, fueling the Chained God in his quest for freedom.
The Isolated One - the Center of Everything. The manifestation of the terror that coms from loneliness, of wide open spaces with no-one around you. The fear of falling forever, of deep waters and other vastness. A shard of primal fear that you are insignificant, that the universe is cold and uncaring. 
The One Who Waits - The Darkness that Lurks. The manifestation of the fear of the dark. Vecna notes this entity is perhaps the most powerful, yet the least active. It is fueled by the fear that the world is ending, that the future is without you. As well as the fear of being buried under a falling sky, of cramped spaces crushing inward. The fear that your time is coming to a close and something is waiting for you just past the tunnel.

Not golems which are neutral creations but the conjuring of fiends and others yea
yea. spells written in any form are only legible to you if theyre your class spells
youll have the time to pick up the goods from the orcs while studying
each thing will take a couple viewings to fully memorize and transcribe to a journal
milo what is lucia looking for in the book. names of fiends, vecna's spells, the rituals, knowledge about the eldritch entities such as nilgesh, various relics left by his followers, etc.
aight. chip is still in prison tho
yeh. its 800 gold and a skill check to see if the training sticks
ok train which skill
btw everyone got a d100 as their percent success for stuff done over the vacation. penny-71, lucia-99, lautrc-80, kaede-49, bamdul-39. so whatever it is you choose to do the results are based on those numbers
places
aight
I need to set up my shit then I'm ready
Aight yall good
Rip 
I have lunar New Year dinner until 9
exactly
yea darkie gnoblins
also the weakest arentian duchy. little natural defenses and few soldiers spread thin along the border with jin
that area is the duchy of norkator, kind of a blend between arentian and katorian culture.
sailed up from ras-yingral through the stormy crossing and landed in the thorned harbor
yea
For the record the invasion point was the south end of laren valley where the bay is
And their strange masters
Except against the goblins south of the valley
No. Unlikely. Fortunately there is no open war yet
so they cant fully mobilize against aren
also the jin empire is at perpetual war with decimur
t r u
and originally from a different world
shes hresvelg tho
globally
arentia is one of the larger kingdoms
the jin are split between their main land and their colony though
colored labels = political organization of the area. white = else
at last. its mostly done
and i cant imagine what the fuck dueling someone the size of a rat to you looks like besides stepping on them
hes city sized in all his art but talks about dueling people and fighting them
i still cant figure out what his canonical size is
imagine rolling into a town and motherfucking aatrox is there
but a small infestation of mad demigods bent on annihilation
so sun-worshipping sand people with lots of trade and gold
apparently we're ok with the Iumun desert being essentially shurima
as soon as i have things about it
ill introduce things about it 
or placed things. gonna make the north half mountainous-jungle and the lower part drier plains-like area
yea i havent painted it yet
idk what you had imagined it but i figured its a tributary state of the decimur empire
i put carim there unless you want it changed
you pull an its always sunny in the nine hells?
ok but you and your goons roll up on asmodeus right there at the bottom of the nine hells then what
i feel like other than aboleths and certain celestials, patrons are beyond even 20th level warlocks though
And if you roll with that too then Warlock and pally have way more leeway to act
There's also the interpretation that paladins are fueled by their oath so offending their god won't revoke their power, only failing their oath
and i cant remember others
aboleth, hexblade are like self-serving entities with few warlocks playing a shorter game than the others
celestial patron is the same as fiends but on the other side of the battle
like you walked into the feywild and ate a fruit, now titania owns your essence
fey might steal your soul due to some ancient rules of their land
its like you left a tablespoon of sugar out and now some ant is stealing it. sure its king of its colony but to you its just nothing lost
something like an old one wouldnt notice at all because even a warlock taking a 20th level chunk of their power is like an ant taking a few grains of your sugar
as such an improbability that the return on investment is higher
and take the risk that a warlock might grow enough to become immortal or damage their grand plan
fiends want the power to tear down the heavens so they would seek to grow power by lending it out and claiming the souls after theyve lived a life and grown in power
i think different patrons would make different deals
stonks
give power knowing the mortal will die and return you a greater power
my favorite is the investment banker patrons tho
or there are patrons like the old ones where they dont even realize youve taken their power because its so insignificant to them
some rule it where once the power is given the patron cant revoke it until death
true. depends on the setting and interpretation of a pact though
but all of them have to practice to utilize it in non-suicidal ways. its only warlocks that don't put in consistent and dedicated effort for magic
wild magic is just sorcerers who can never fully control it
look at dragon sorcs who manifest scales even when they have control
no its all sorcerers. if you have sorcerous power it literally manifests on you physically if uncontrolled
so they dont just self combust
sorcs have to practice to contain their power and channel it properly though
or "i got lost in a forest and a fairy offered me tea and now i can eldritch blast things"
and you have warlocks just "hey look what this cool rock gave me"
and then wizards, clerics, druids, etc still dedicate their lives to that shit
if you think about it every caster puts years into being able to cast shit like a cantrip
yea. i figure its just subtle magic
canonically its supposed to be like mindflayers
cause its not magic
i still don't know the flavor behind mystics and psionics
you may not be the best at memorizing spells but someone who understands the patterns behind them can still be intelligent
int is mental acuity imo. memorization, pattern recognition, logic
someone deadass made mods where you can get fucked by enemies instead of dying
or the moron wins
~50% chance theyre equal
have a really solid chance to overlap their rolls
someone whos a moron at 8 int and einstein at 18
also if you consider the dnd stat distribution in real life
it just be like that
you guys have negative int
theres so much bullshit in the mods section its impossible to put together a good game now
or just fuck your way through dungeons
coomer skyrim
you know whats a better game
are there italian jews
therefore you should spell it kapish
i think its just not a real word
was that spelling
milo what the fuck
w h o
retreat = auto success and everyone rolls individually for injury or other loss
btw how would you guys feel about a new retreat rule for combat. if you all say retreat then it succeeds. no long chase rolls where whoevers slowest gets murdered slowly
its less tilting than day of
id rather just know ahead of time
side note. if you cant make tomorrow 9 say smth. ive taken the silence thus far as "Everyone can make it"
fuck is your axolotl picure
...
pick your favorite one and imagine its the remnants of gemis planet
it fell into atmosphere and dissolved
planet gemi is that little dot off the island coast
miles give me a continent to place it on
i was gonna let miles pick out carim 
bitch you cant use mountain ridges to discern where plates are unless you have the age of the mountains
the upper limits are a lot higher but the average is the same
besides the ascended tho shurima and runeterra are about equivalent in magic to dnd
in like a single day
raised a disc capable of turning mortal to god, then brought back the oasis of life and restored a desert to a paradise
fucking azir raised a city buried under a thousand years of sand like nothing and filled it with illusions exactly like it was on the day of his ascension
the ascended are basically gods
lazy as fuck but its cool
i could deadass put shurima in there idc
good my notes for them are literally "kinda-china, jew-japan, and SHURIMA"
too lazy to finish the map so vacations are limited to not-china, not-japan, and not-egypt
idk it was pretty aesthetic
after i hand painted the anscilus map i swore id never do it again
ye. wonderdraft
are the labels legible
also mars you picked up a mirror. thats doing shit
now if anyone impales themselves on a tree in sacrifice to themselves they can have knowledge of runes xd
not exactly drinking the well of mimir but close enough
lucia = odin
sacrificing an eye for knowledge in the frozen wastelands
That's expansion 3 bruh
but doesnt remember the last week 
oh and bamdul who got lost someway up the beanstalk is also there
ta da
youre there
ok.
you pull out calgiostro's keystone and bookshelves holding the sum of all written works begin to glow with arcane power. The pillar at the center becomes a globe with two points glowing, one where you are and another in the cloud city of the storm giants. You reach out and touch where the Orraak village is and arcane tendrils reach out and pull you into the floor. You enter a realm of symbols and numbers beyond your comprehension for a brief time before emerging from the fresh snowfall at the foot of the Orraak mountain. A village full of goliaths stare at you in surprise. You notice them to all be beyond fighting age or children, no adults in sight. the banners bear the glyphs Or-raak.
you all agreed with milo when he said it
bitch its too late you did
so she let them live thinking they gave her what she wants
the more complex answer is her rune was a fusion of the metallics caused by an eclipse in Anscilus aligning celestial forces. by breaking it, it created a demi-plane impossible to reopen without a similarly powerful convergence and far beyond syvana's ability to detect
and put the book in i
and then had the pale assassin create a localized black hole by shattering her rune
yea they removed the pages she wanted
bitch
tldr for jett - they fucked with some storm giants and got their pick each of a trove of artifacts.
-Went into Varavhik and found it under siege, protected by a group of Anscillians brought into this reality by Ioun similarly to how kaede arrived. 
-Found the necronomicon and argued with lynelle/the council to fight or trick syvana
-decided to trick her by giving her the pages for lichdom only and hiding the rest in a convergence of realities created by the pale assassin's rune shattering.
-teleported right the fuck into the orraak village
the end
kap
if youre up for it
x d
cause ik someone always forgets and asks anyway
also 9pm friday
Comes with free mystery virus tho
Best I can do is a visit to fantasy China
gonna need passports
outside world machine broke
circle machine broke
made
mars thats the point theres only one possible fucking thing
nerfed continents for fairer competitive play
rough
earth patch 1.01 removed it
That's all I did
inspiration if you can find thaeron and the northlands
canonically what the world looks like
thats why i go back to sm 
ik
but you can train over
ik bitch you live in the ghetto
cause im stuck here and bored as fuck
any of you in SM for MLK weekend
deserved
Fuck him
So let's start then
Ik
said to start w/o him
mars is coming at like 930
well since we were waiting for jett anyway yall neguses good to start after i piss rq
what the fuck
although i dont have a cam on my dice anyway
imma go out and buy some real rigged dice
ok
cya then
9am
miles just likes to fuck with people
no meme were doing 9 as usual
7? ok vro
10s too late. what about 8
9
like say
me too imma be late
ye ye ye
like ive been saying
then
nein
ok well
88
Nein
👌
9
999999999
jetts off work like 8 and gets home 9 so thats our usual time
i wasnt planning starting 7
aight. weekly 'anyone not good for friday' check
vote harambe 2016
im sleep
just fill this
actually
i think either smth like 7 days of no strenuous activity or 3 days of no activity
the goal is to just put 8 encounters on average between long rest. or maybe like 4-5 because i make them deadlier than the DMG calculator
long rest after taking 7 short ones, long rest after 3 days without strenuous activity, or 7 full days of no activity
aight cool. so what do you prefer
like in a city for a week, or camped out for a week, etc
the extra hard mode variant of this rule is long rests are after 7 full days of chilling
such as map movement
or after like 3-5 days of light activity
im debating either long rests finish automatically every 7th short rest you take
not getting sleep/rest still causes exhaustion
ok so heres how it is now - what used to be a long rest, however you took it, is now a short rest
oof
xd
imagine being a loser that relies on long rests
youre a caster
wait
so fuck it. we're trying it next time. spells on sunday. go to mass to get them back
2 for yes 0 against
aight thats 1 for do it
does anyone like or hate it. or are you all indifferent
obv itll apply to npcs too
plus narrative-wise it fits with the Pale Assassin shattering the Oculus and weakening magic
fits the 8 encounters/long rest balance the system sets out a lot better
each night is a short rest instead of a long and sunday is magic day. smth like that
ive been thinking of switching to the 1 week long rest. like your powers return on sunday or smth. Rn we don't really do short rests and every fight is all resources blown because of how the narrative is going. thoughts?
pretty recently
yea. the full loot list and who got it is in the chat history
Vecna's book is the Book of Ultimate Evil, planted by him in the song of creation upon his ascension to godhood. Though he was born mortal, he managed to retroactively add it into creation at the start of all things and thereby introduce all wrong and evil things into the universe. Most notably, the book is the only one that tells of how to achieve lichdom and immortality
also they fed a magic bean to a dying drow and he shit it out and then it grew into the sky so they're going to climb it
aight miles, heres the rundown:
Party killed Hydrius. Got a lot of loot from him and split it, you got a chest of Jin Empire finery including silk robes of gold thread. Other notable ones: Jin empire's folding boat which was their diplomatic vessel and held a letter of alliance before it sunk. Strange nightmare puzzle box. Hydrius's heart.
Encountered the echoes of a trickery god and were given magic beans.
Caede scratched a tree's itch and was given a magic pen that turns into any weapon of ignan brass and can be split temporarily.
They found the aftermath of a drow slaughter and learned Syvana is in the north seeking Vecna's book. She's sieging Karavhik with Omega and her other creatures.
ay
Milo Amoore Miles  Jett ready?
anyone wanna play scribblio an hour
👌
all we good with that? 815 don't be late so we get miles for longer
Ye
Cause otherwise jett has work 3-8
Cause otherwise jett has work 3-8
Jett said he can start 830. I think we should gather 815. Miles can leave when he has to. This way we get the most time with both
See you in like an hour
I'm flying now so you guys sort it out ig 
Anyone have thoughts or opinions 
The starting times with the most overlap assumimg you leave at 10 are 7 8 and 9 assuming jett is free starting 9. Unless everyone's free earlier maybe we pick one of those
Damn that's early
Miles how early is your thing the next day
Or jett could fucking answer us and give us a schedule
Well then let's start 9 as usual then. If you're back from dinner you play until you have to dip early
Or start
That you can end
Well what's your latest time
Jett just drink some dish soap and call in sick
I'm cool with that. I think jett has work tho so I'm waiting to hear from him
same
Aight. What time are you thinking is your latest to go
Miles when do you need to end by or start by
Ok sick so we just need to find a balance between jett and miles
Also mars good summary
Miles how early do we need to start for you to be able to make it
Be there or be a bitch
After being back in school and shit 
Milo jett are you guys good tmrw
thanks
or are going
just tell me where you bitches were going
dont worry about it?
court
scuffed
yea lol
someone answer. i gotta fly tmrw and have court friday morning
and decided ivory was more important
they chased omega up north then realized there was game to hunt
i also have no idea what their plan wasa
or were you legit gonna big game hunt the whole time
the craftsmen or the cave of remembrance 
btw where were you guys headed before all the shit
xd
thats more than your friends have ever given you
you got a minute long vacation in a grey box
typical friends
she blows up your camp a little
you ruin her binding and set loose the herald of the storm
idk i think you guys are even
liberals smh
a l p h a
lucia assaulted a stranger
She was gonna be friendlier but you know. Shit happened 
Women amirite
And mage armor is only a level 1 slot
She didn’t put it on because it’s not aesthetic
whos apparently a hothead bent on gaining power
school of invention wizard
yea
when he set the air avatar free
lynelle is the wizard milo fucked with
yikes
lmao
lynelle cant do shit but talk and keep the binding cast
nah if you had an hour lucia would be bound already
wall street falls
at last?
and lucia's conscious will be gone
the magic circle will fade and he will come rushing back from the place she banished you to
the magic circle will fade and he will come rushing back from the place she banished you to
if you succeed the avatar is not bound
no whammies
big money
you need a 17 to succeed the save
is that you
banksy?
you can fail any save intentionally
he can
obviously hydrius wants the mask before that
if you fail the avatar is bound
at the end of the hour theres a charisma save against planar binding
you have +1
but you have the stats of the avatar LOL
to protect just a little
with 300hp
actually there's a bubble around the circle
even then he needs to succeed a cha save
he cant leave except through magical means
ig you can also move around in it and touch stuff within reach
if you really want to just babble in the circle
you can speak ignan too
volcano would fuck up the casting tho
or do his roiling flame and volcano
throw ignites
you can speak in common and telepathy
first off
do you have slots left even
hydrius cant be ignited but hew not fireproof
ngl mars i knew thatd be your plan
ig since you are the avatar you can try to roll for his roiling flames but that would just torch all your friends
also milo the ignite attack the avatar uses is just a +9 ranged attack. 120ft range. 2d6 fire damage
just curious if you have a game plan for hydrius
too bad your irl wisdom is like 2
oh right you were a sorc
and attempted to kill the savior of mankind
remember when you summoned the oldest of all horrors
yea ik thats where i got it 
Saved
Transcription:


"A representative of a non-mortal cosmic power grants you a shard of its own power that you can grow and nurture through your own growth and advancement in the world. The patron possibly asks you to do something for it first, though not necessarily, and in truth the task was actually pretty easy considering what you got for it.

In truth, this "cost" was not necessary in any way, and was probably a red herring to make you not question why this cosmic power, that doesn't give a **** about your personal success, is offering you for free what wizards have to train for most of their childhoods and some of their adulthood to achieve. What the cosmic entity stands to gain from giving you power is simple: power growth. It loses a relatively small amount of its own power for a limited amount of time, and eventually, when you die your final death, which you will because you're mortal, it gets that power back with interest. It's the cosmic power equivalent of a bank loan, and they're the loan officer. You want to try and use your infernal power for good, or your eldritch power for not-bringing-about-the-apocalypse, sure; you're mortal and your patron isn't. Any amount of progress against your patron's goals you accomplish in your mortal lifetime pales in comparison to what your patron will accomplish with whatever power you had at your strongest over the course of eternity. 

You're not some pawn in the cosmic fight for the balance... you're a single modest investment in the diversified investment portfolio funding a small portion of the logistics behind the cosmic fight for the balance. If you actually manage to make it to level 20, you're a pretty damn good investment at that: enough to significantly increase the status of your patron in their own demonic/celestial/fae court upon your death"



This "shard of power investment" model also explains the age-old question of "does a warlock lose their powers if they fight their patron" conundrum. Here the answer is no, you already got the spark of magic from them at level 1, and any extra power you've gotten since then is just your own personal power growth.
It's scuffed
No I see it now
Oh wait
Get on pc
anyone NOT good for friday?
just wire bitcoins for the payment and theyll drop it from the astral sea
idk why amazon cant deliver
you know what if you get a credit card and internet access in game
in rules terms your concordances are not as likely to summon a servitor
e.g. fina's warmth wanes, the spirits become harder to connect with, gemi's wisdom is no longer as clear, etc
also since most characters have some ties to the gods/celestia in general you can definitely feel the connection weakening
is worth only a single gold coin
you think the mighty United States Dollar
1 gold coin isnt worth 1 usd you mean
to quote milo "the power of elsa pries the mask off"
plus $5 for drone-delivery
mars do you have $69 USD on penny for amazon prime?
within the hour of casting, hydrius arrived in person to retrieve the mask and thats where we ended
milo said fuck you bitch and put it on, becoming the new avatar of fire but the wizard showed up and threw him in a magic circle and started a planar binding
syvana had omega weaken Celestia and cause its power to drain into the 4 elemental planes which made them hunger for war and domination over the others they think are weaker than them. to do so each sent out one masked herald to open a gate in the material world which will serve as their battleground. to do so, they must find the World Pillars which spawn where the elemental planes converge on the material. Milo interrupted a wizard who was binding the air avatar and set it free so she wanted the party to help with finding and subduing them. they found the fire avatar after being told to stay away from the mogak tribe on pain of death. milo called hydrius for help and he sent the water avatar to keep the fire one from using its full power but then wanted to take its mask as payment
idk why i trust people to do rundowns
Someone tell jets narcoleptic ass what happened
Miles 4444
get in boy
its been 15
milo
almost ready i cant find smth
good call
brb gonna get water then
bitch
im ready
Mars you better be fast tho
Idc
Yea we've started without him anyway
Idk how late he's gonna be and waiting gay
Starting 9 anyway
Fuck mars
Worth it
Anyway fuck you back to overpriced steak
Ig
Listen if you charge 200 for 3oz of steak you probably serve liberals
They're just individual rooms that say gender neutral
That's fancy af
Wait this place has 8 gender neutral bathrooms
Sluts are just more convoluted
In the end you're giving them money
Is that not the same thing
Too little
She's out of your price range
Don't listen to the hooker
Bruh
But only horizontally
Cut ur wrists
I'll ree at you
Bitch you better not
Dali mfer 
Is that your next line 
I am drugs
I prefer crack cocaine myself
Is dope nice tho
Worst case
Ye. I'll probably be home 830
It's 5 for us
9
Wut 
be there or get fucking murdered
todays the day
calm yourself
probably not late tho cause who tf eats for 3 hours
for the record i have a dinner at Alexander's steakhouse friday 545 so i may be a little drunk
real pog shit
first official art xd
there were a ton of her she did before but she drew a new one
also she drew the character
its a lot of personality descriptions
hyperbole. likely 15 or so
apparently its from an RP group of hers
literally more on that sheet than anyone else actually playing LMAO
and picked the class/race/profeciencies/level/etc
no she just gave me like 50 pages of character description
christina made me insert one of her anime ass characters
watch out
itll probably pop up as a minor npc or smth
I'm just so used to seeing white bitches called some variation of "john Jack Kelly green" on the mayor posters in airports
Wait San Francisco's mayor is a black woman
except jett where the fuck is he
ig at least you people read it
Fags answer
And for mental health reasons
Acknowledge so I can legally kill you if you flake
Acknowledge so I can legally kill you if you flake
You fucks better have remembered Jan 3rd 9pm it's the title of this shit
We'll talk about it after session or smth
If there is some day other than 3rd tho I'm down. I'm on break until the 10th
Cause squeezing in additional sessions with you fucks is herding cats lol
I hate getting back a day after Friday
t-1 week. Kms
cool
border color makes it easier to distinguish
and set it as your default picture like everyone else has on their sheet
btw collin make a token for your character. can just google sites to do it
Crustacean Lord of the salty legion
You face shelly
Also look at these shells. They're metal as fuck
Pretty good
8/10
You boys watch the witcher yet
Tryna find a tenga store to get you all a Christmas gift
Ngl that shit is gonna be in campaign probably
There's also a whole museum of sea shells that's lit. Went into a limestone cavern and saw some old castles
Wind fish
But much taller
Almost as fat as mars
Look at these big boys
Happy kwanza
Fuck you mars
4444
Where is mars anyway
Gl
This the main dnd chat but also the most concentrated autism of all time
You guys mind if I put Collin in. He's got his character and I like it
Best I can do is 6k
Best I can do is 6k
And get your yellow cloth
Gather the full set of macguffins
But they're gold xd 
And they'll be competently mundane
I'm gonna put in a pair of golden robes only accessible by some hidden challenge that's difficult and never explicit. Then they're gonna be in a huge occult chamber of ancient secrets on the bones of a storm giant
You somehow piss off every wild animal with your phallic path
If you draw a dick your characters walk in a huge dick
I died on the plane 
If you read about an animal you can have like an inspiration to use against one or smth cause Ik there's no other way to get ppl to read
and all the map/knowledge/etc is from spirits bamdul encountered while trekking north
the tokens and auras on the map are where the party's collective survival skills tell them the token creature can be found
btw for the first time in weeks theres new handouts under monsters-&gt;misc-&gt;Xul'run 
the astral dragon you guys encountered in the Astral Sea
and under monsters-&gt;jotun
for Bamdul's sister and some beasts of the northland
and under handouts
for a description of said lands
juan u ahri
tres juan
yikes gamer
that definitely wont tpk people
also cause i think itll be dank exploring new shit and you get to fight some black empire enemies
so i can replace flakes with collins
so i can replace flakes with collins
kappa
can you all confirm you fucking know to keep jan 3rd free
go out on your terms
just leave 4head
and beasts to get trampled by except parsas not here to int on them
elementals and omega related bs for the big pog
but yea jan 3rd should be big cause collin should be joining and also its a new area with new encounters and shit
ok fuck you boomer
everyone knows jan 3rd
just want to make really gd sure 
tbh its a big maybe on next friday
but for sure jan 3rd I'm good, just playing from san fran
btw is anyone not free next friday night. theres a chance I can play from taiwan bc 9pm friday is saturday noon
IS he black tho
gwyn xd
fucking collin
collin
so do you guys like the new dude
the green box when you load in
its in the chat
are you dumb
im working in r20 rn
where
whos leading
understandable
its ok
ig if you didnt drop any gamer moments on him
you fuck
mars
you gd buffoon
go talk to him about campaign shit
no
which 3
so he can make a character and shit
drop him in the r20 if hes chiill
then flame him
setting and story shit
can you like talk to him about the campaign tho
out of 10
?
Kk
hes an OG
this is just trying to hit a bullseye in the dark
we dont need another
if none are cool
we can consider it
if 2 are super cool
we just replacing parsa
1?
idk
i think collin was our #1 choice so maybe put him in the r20 first
obv to the being a flake bitch
obv
ideally college kids or people with real jobs
like nobody whos work schedule is super scuffed 50/50 make it or not
but the key things are obv: chill, good character, invested in the story, can stay up till 1-2am every friday
like we're looking for a white whale its probably not gonna happen
get a character idea
put them in r20 and let them read shit
i mean theres not much to say to them
: )
cause hes a FLAKE BITCH
milo didnt weigh in yet
hes like 4th on my list
you guys liked him
oh thats J
anyway which 2 messaged you
that phrase literally could mean anything
or ftm
is trans woman mtf
Hi! I've been looking for a new group for a while and I hope you still have slots open.

My name is Jade, I'm 20, and am a relatively new trans woman looking for an accepting group. I'm a big fan of roleplay and i love chiselling the story out of the stone with my fellow players.

I am available from 4pm - 3am every friday

I haven't used roll20 much, though I do have characters on it. I have played about 10 games across 3 campaigns with the same DM and have watched the whole 1st season of critical role which I think provides at least some experience.

What I like most about D&amp;D is the roleplay and the story. My playstyle is a lot of note taking (because i'm quite forgetful)

My main character is Parvati, a rogue who wandered, disillusioned until she found a thieves guild taking care of orphans and decided to join. She fell in love with her mentor and when the guild collapsed under a power struggle the two thieves left and continued their robin hooding in another city. They hit a mansion that was supposed to pay for their kids lives but something happened and Parvatis lover disappeared. (I like to let the DM decide where she is now, definitely not dead, but if you dont want to do that I can.) Now she wanders, disillusioned with the world once more.
we also have gwyn 2.0
ye
Cheesus#0001
he said to dm him on disc
also collin couldnt find your reddit
What was their username
Call me
Wait I'm driving
Mars did they message you
Could've been worse than it did
And bargained with one of the astral dragons in the skull of a dead god 
Yea but you spoke to a wizard older than civilizations
Jorge. 54 y/o. Friday nights is perfect. Keeps me out of trouble. Played on/off between’83-‘92. Then started playing 5e 3 years ago. I am approaching 600 hours on Roll20. Currently playing in two online campaigns and coming to the end of TOA with my local in person group. Strategic team player style. Love to role play and exploration. High magic. I love the fact that you are using the Stronghold book. I am flexible with characters in order to fit the group and the setting of the campaign. We can discuss further details so I can make an appropriate choice of race/class. I’m very interested in joining your group. Sounds like my type of campaign. Looking forward to hearing from you. Cheers!!!


Paul, 15, I'm pretty shy at first but after knowing me for a short amount of time I open up a lot more, I've been playing 5e for a long time, my favorite part about D&amp;D is roleplaying and storytelling. I get very invested in my characters so fair warning.

My character will probably be a human fighter but I actually have a lot of characters I want to try so I'll probably check the party composition/personalities before settling on one. I don't want to be a comedic character when everyone else is also a comedic character. I'm free on Fridays for the most part!

(If you're turned off by my age I get it, I've gotten kicked from several groups cause new guys weren't comfortable, but if that's the reason just be honest)
jack - 11
lyz - 17
andrew - 11
noname - 0
collin -  23
palladino - 11
alice - 9
sam - 12
jordan - 21
alex - 0
miles - 0
J - 25
Jason - 14
andrew - 17

Not pointing fingers but it's Milo
Hey, I saw your post on /r/lfg about the homebrew campaign you'll be having on Fridays. I'm pretty interested in it and wanted to go ahead and apply. I'll keep things brief and get straight to info you wanted to know about.

Name, age, brief description of myself

My name is Ryan, I'm 30 going on 31 (birthday is coming up soon).

I'm a fairly easygoing person myself and enjoy good humor, and am a bit goofy in my own ways. I enjoy plenty of nerdy interests outside of D&amp;D too, like video games and anime. I have a wide variety of tastes in fiction and music.

My availability on Fridays

My Fridays are always available, and in the future I can work to keep my schedule free on Fridays for D&amp;D and leisure stuff. Only weeks with holidays like Christmas may be ones where we'd need to improvise scheduling.

I'm in the US Central timezone (CST), so the time in the evening works really well for me. I could potentially do anywhere from a 6pm - 9:30pm CST start time for sessions, depending on everyone's schedule or being able to eat some food before we start.

Tabletop &amp; Roll20 experience

I have a decent amount of experience with Roll20 and I know my way well around it. Semi-experienced playing D&amp;D 5th Edition though I've done plenty of reading with the different rulebooks and such. I have played in one group for a decent amount of sessions before but a number of times I've tried joining a group it just didn't pan out unfortunately.

In the distant past I played in a few other tabletop systems, with the Star Wars Roleplaying Game back in the late 90s and some 2nd Edition D&amp;D. 3rd Edition D&amp;D and 3.5 came at a time when I got busy growing up with school and also had no one to play with, since online play was nowhere near a thing yet back then. I've played a number of RPG video games based around D&amp;D or D&amp;D inspired mechanics, like Planescape Torment and Baldur's Gate.

What I like most about D&amp;D and my general playstyle

As far as the D&amp;D goes I'm looking for at least a semi-serious game (no joke/memey sorts of characters in the party). I'm also hoping to find a party that features characters that have character traits of their own which lead them to caring about the world around them, or having a reason to be out and about in the world doing things that adventurers do.

I tend to prefer groups that lean towards Good, since I find myself usually most compatible with them. But no matter what the composition of the group is, I will always want for everyone to be able to have fun and have a good time in the end.

I'm looking to find a group that sticks for the long run and has a lot of fun together, and to be able to make some new friends with the people in the group. Would enjoy finding characters that work well together, grow from their initial beginnings, learn to problem solve together, and compliment each other with combat strategy.

I enjoy a good mixture of roleplaying, combat, and problem solving as part of the adventure. Roleplaying, intrigue, and combat all have their own things that make them fun (and things in combination with each other that make them fun too).

I'm okay with mature or R-rated content within reason, mainly for story/mission elements and character building moments. I'm fine with general R-rated stuff like describing attacks that hit an enemy hard or bring them down, and those occasional jokes we laugh at playing things by ear.

My idea for a character

My idea is a character named Addison Xemu, a half-elf Bard (going into Swords Bard/Sorcerer) who decides to leave his family woodworking shop behind to realize the dream of adventuring. He also has to leave his best friend behind, who had lost his leg recently when he and Addison fended off burglars from trying to rob Addison's family shop.

He looks forward to putting his skills to the test and being able to experience a life where he can put his talents and passions to good use.

Mechanically, he's a Variant Half-Elf of Wood Elf heritage, swapping Skill Versatility for +5 to his walking speed. The Sorcerer subclass is my homebrew take on something similar to the Giant Soul Sorcerer from Unearthed Arcana, my subclass being Nature Soul Sorcerer (it would only be a 1 level in Sorcerer). With his Wood Elf heritage on his father's side, there are some bits of nature to him which are able to empower and protect him with the Sorcererous Origin, while his main focus would be his passions with his Bardic abilities and talents. He comes to grow in the ways of fighting with a quarterstaff as his main weapon, knowing his way around woodworking makes it a convenient option as well. The Sorcerer subclass would allow him to be able to learn the Shillelagh cantrip, in being able to use a quarterstaff without high amounts of raw strength.
Name, age, brief description of yourself (personality not looks)

My name is Andrew, 20/M/CST and have been playing Dnd for a little over a year now. Big ol nerd who loves watching shows, reading books/comics, listening to podcasts, gaming, and etc. I'd hate to describe myself but I'd like to think I'm very friendly and a patient individual. Chill and happy to try anything, I love writing and building lore and stories. Also, Dragon Age is my favorite franchise.

-Your availability on Fridays

Anytime past 5pm CST. Can stay up pretty much as late as I have reason to.

-D&amp;D &amp; R20 experience

DMed a game or two and enjoyed it greatly, have listened to Critical Role several times among other podcasts and as a result have become extremely familiar with most of the rules.

-What do you like most in D&amp;D and what's your playstyle (Note taker/AFKer, Combat hungry, loves to read, etc.)

Roleplay is without a doubt the most important and experience-defining aspect of DnD, but I gotta say, combat is my favorite part of the game. I don't know that I have a playstyle however, really depends on the character Im playing.

-What's your idea for a character, can be any level

I like to see what a party currently has and design my character to fill in gaps, generally. Just some off hand ideas I have in storage however is a Wizard who gets tattoos onto his body instead of using a spellbook, a Water-themed druid that does his best to please everyone to the best of his ability, and a zealot barbarian that worships a god of magic and does his best to protect puny magic casters.
Jason, 20, always find it awkward to describe myself. Friends usually say i bring alot of positivity to the table, im a people person and I enjoy tabletops immensely. For sure available during the described time.

Two years, several games during those two years.

I enjoy the group and the stories made with the group, watching everyones characters unfold. Im heavy into lore stuff, and also a planner. I also enjoy trying to crack the plot but most of the time i read too far into it XD

to be honest, Id like to learn a bit more about the world before I make a character. I have a bard, a rogue, a ranger, and a fighter up my sleeve I could use, rogues a spymaster, fighters a blacksmith, ranger is a hunter of the occult and all things unnatural, bard is a noble vigilante.

I do highly hope I get in, but totally understand if I do not. Wish you luck on your game either way.
-Name, age, brief description of yourself (personality not looks) J, 26, Stay at home father of 0 with an illuminating personality, housebroken and 420 friendly.

-Your availability on Fridays Available from 5pm to late late late

-D&amp;D &amp; R20 experience 5 years for boooth

-What do you like most in D&amp;D and what's your playstyle (Note taker/AFKer, Combat hungry, loves to read, etc.) I don't know actually. I hate reading and I hate not doing things. I do enjoy it when a plan comes together though, but for the most part, things never come together in a group of randos. I really just like figuring out how to survive with my current group, whatever's clever, whatever's RAW. I do a ton of pick up dnd games so I'm very much improvising all the time.

-What's your idea for a character, can be any level

Mark of Passage Human

Raven Queen Warlock 5

He's a real miserable man who has to bring those running from death back to their graves. He's around death so much, he has a vulture perches on his shoulder and shouts down for carrion all the time. It's always hungry and keeps him awake at night with it's incessant squawking. He's always tired, hungry, and grumpy. The only thing keeping him moving is the terrifying fear that if he does not complete his tasks, his patron will call for him.

He can't bring himself to ending it all since it isn't his time yet. But he's always counting the days.
Hi, I'm Miles. I'm 24. I enjoy DnD for the theatric potential and love doing voices. I'm a hypnotist and real-life druid, and often get lost in my mind's eye when descriptions are laid out. I can get a little caught up in the moment when really in-character, but am fairly lax when I pace myself.

Available Fridays to a R20 near you.

Been playing DnD since 2013 with 4e. Then I tried 3.5 and didn't like it, afterward diving into the DMing/homebrewing/playing of 5e thereafter.

I enjoy puzzles of all kinds - even turning combat and social situations into uniquely solvable encounters is a treat for me! I enjoy planning, and consider myself a 'spotlight-shiner' plus note taker - having all the info lets me know who best to interact with and, if we have someone who isn't or doesn't know to step up, I try to encourage.

A primeval force of a druid that returns the structures of man back to nature (circle of spores). He was reanimated after death by the myriad spirits of plants that grew on his corpse (Kalashtar reflavor). If homebrew is permitted to pass the DM's judgment, I have oh so many more ideas.
Alex, 25, kind of a reserved person at first but like to think I have a good sense of humor once open up. Sarcastic and witty are my bread and butter. I also enjoy moonlit strolls on the beach. Usually find myself liked by all and always willing to talk it out if conflicts arise.

I set my own schedules each day so usually find myself done with work at 6pm PST unless unforeseen circumstances cause me to shift a bit but rarely find myself ever still working anywhere close to 9.

My D&amp;D experience is most related to a couple of one shots I've done thru the lfg subreddit as well as a campaign with coworkers that never really took off but am interested in starting up again. I know the base rules pretty well and listen to a lot of actual play podcasts. I am lacking in roll20 experience and has been awhile since I've last use it but I usually pick up programs pretty quickly.

The thing I like the most about D&amp;D is the completely uniqueness you can get during one shots or campaigns. You get to help a person bring their idea of a store to life while fleshing out a character that at the beginning was just paper but hopefully becomes more. I enjoy a good store and RPing but I do find long stretch of it kinda dull and enjoy combat mixed it for change of pace.

I have 2 character concepts I have been wanting to try. I really enjoy the eldritch knight fighter as that is what I envision when I think of a Battlemage. Someone who is in the thick of it focusing magic usual to flaming blades and mystical barriers. The other concept I had was for a grave cleric. I love the flavor of this domain a lot and would like to create a character that worships Hades and have some minor aesthetic alterations to certain abilities to reflect that. I also like the flavor of hades because I always enjoyed the stigma that hades, Lucifer, anubis, etc are always viewed in negative or harsh light as evil when they are really just deities who punish the wicked, judge the dead, and maintain order over the veil between life and death.
Name, age, brief description of yourself (personality not looks) Jordan, 28. A bit about me; I'm always bad at answering these type of questions, since I never know what to say/write. My sense of humor is more on the sarcastic side, but never in a 'mean' or condescending way. I enjoy all types of fantasy, with my favorite authors being Jim Butcher and Brandon Sanderson.

Your availability on Fridays I'm in the CST, and sort of a night owl so the time works for me.

D&amp;D &amp; R20 experience I've been playing for close to five years now, and I have close to 2000 hours on Roll20.

What do you like most in D&amp;D and what's your playstyle (Note taker/AFKer, Combat hungry, loves to read, etc.) While I like the majority of aspects of D&amp;D, I do enjoy the RP side of things the most, whether that be inter-party or NPC/story etc., immersing myself into the world/campaign, and having a good time with like minded individuals. I'm also a habitual note taker.

What's your idea for a character, can be any level. I usually tend to create characters after I know more about the campaign setting and what the rest of the party is playing. It's just a personal thing, but I don't like to "step on the toes" per se of other players.
-Name, age, brief description of yourself (personality not looks): I'm Sam, 35 yrs old, lover of animation and graphic art and cookies. I enjoy puns and grew up playing a lot of one player games (but still enjoyed Mortal Kombat and Diddy Kong Racing or all versions of Super Smash Bros from time to time!)

-Your availability on Fridays: Worst case scenario, I work until 7 p.m. PST on Fridays. Best case scenario, I work until 3 p.m. PST on Fridays. Very rarely will I have work on Saturdays (typically around this time on November and December for holiday reasons) so I should be available on Fridays!

-D&amp;D &amp; R20 experience: Been playing D&amp;D for a bit over a year now (started with Pathfinder for a little over two years). Played on Roll20 a few times and have an account there as well!

-What do you like most in D&amp;D and what's your playstyle (Note taker/AFKer, Combat hungry, loves to read, etc.): I like having a big degree of agency, making and developing characters and being able to custom make nearly any character imaginable. I can do serious or fun and do my best to gauge the tone of the campaign/scene before deciding to make jokes. I'm not an Oscar nomated actor but I adore RP heavy stuff and would rather do that than just repetitively kill and loot bodies like a land pirate.

-What's your idea for a character, can be any level: To be honest, it'd be hard to come up with a character idea if I don't have more information on the setting. I have been toying with an idea for a druid character--I've never played one before! A Gnome druid maybe who is looking to protect an endangered species of beast/creature.
Hello! My name is Alice and I’m a 25 year person!! Im a nerd at heart and total introvert irl and extrovert online. I love technology ! I typically a pretty open book. I have only played a handful of 5e games but I’m a huge fan of NADDPOD and understand the core gameplay pretty well (might ask what I add to something from time to time) I have zero experience with roll 20 Something I’m really striving for is role play the couple of games I played didn’t allow for much and I really want to get into role playing (I have little experience role playing but I want to do it so bad) My ideal character would be either a cleric or a circle of spores Druid(would need help with spell slots and what not I have only played fighter and barbarian myself) My availability on Friday is completely free after 3pm pst and I can easily meet the game time. Please feel free to ask me anything else !
//
-Palladino, 18, i like to try crazy shit to see if it will work even if i dont think its going to when i start cause if it does work out the story will be great. -any time after 4ish EST -year and a half roll20 about a year on and off of 5e mostly do pathfinder, but ive done a few things recently so im not rusty or anything -I am a caster at heart mostly buffs and debuffs take preference rather than strait damaging, playstyle of a stratagey/debuff support (Note taker/AFKer, Combat hungry, loves to read, etc.) -necromancy / transmutation wizard hopefully going into a rune scribe at 6th level
//
Hi, I really hope I’m not too late to join your group! My name is Collin and I’m 21. I’m looking to make friends with a group, have fun, and enjoy a unique story. Currently Fridays are completely free for me, also I always have my phone on me so if you need to contact me, I will usually message soon. I have around 4 or 5 years of experience with D&amp;D (mostly 5e) and I am very familiar with Roll20. Usually my play style consists of RP, but I do love combat as well. As far as characters, I usually save the backstory when I know more about the setting. I really love to tie in my characters background into the history of the world. I love spellcasters and I was think of playing maybe a wizard or sorcerer, but I also love martial combat so i am really flexible with roles.
Name, age, brief description of yourself (personality not looks) I'm a pretty upbeat guy who LOVES role play and and talk a bit. I like to joke around a lot but obviously not when it's a bad time.

I'm going to be free on fridays for a about 6 weeks or so.

I do use Roll20 and have played 5e for about a year. I like that in DND you can be whoever you want, and frankly I try to adapt my character's personality, so if I was a inquisitive rogue I'd try to read a lot, etc. IDC about rules all that much because pulling shit out of your ass is the subtitle of DND xD. I also love a good balance between combat and OOC.

My character would depend on what everyone else is. If there's a need for a tank or healer I'll roll cleric or figher; otherwise if we're mid to high level I'd be down to try something like sorc, bladelock, rogue, or a really damage heavy but good out of combat option character. The character would also be that guy (so chaotic good)
Andrew, 19, Pretty Rad(GF) and i think im funny

Can i Join time is perfect

7ish years of D&amp;D 60ish Hours of Roll20

I'm think of a Tiefling Warlock or a Arcane rogue

Willing to jump in at anytime
mars wtf
Hi! I saw your post on r/lfg and decided to send you a message c:

My name is Lyz and I'm 22, turning 23 next month! Personality wise, all I can is I'm really laid back and prefer easy-going groups but also know when to be serious.

I actually live in Australia but if you start 9PM PST til whenever, it'll be Saturday afternoon for me c:

I've played D&amp;D with a few Americans and we always used Roll20 and discord. In terms of what I like doing is probably the RP aspect and puzzle solving.

In terms of character, I've been itching to play my Albino Tiefling Warlock whos on a quest to find out why her skin colour is so different from others :o
Jack/19/ personality:pretty relaxed

Pretty free all day on Friday

6years of dnd

I love how free you can express yourself, playstyle big brain also depends on my character

My current character idea is Salem shikar a young man who used to take in the abandoned children in his neighborhood and helping them grow and prosper integrate people until one day there is a fire and accident where he lost his arm even though he’s made peace with the event still hunt down on the person who caused the fire if you wish for the full backstory message me back, ideal level about 5-6
aight
im ready
so whenever jetts back
not great
just his work schedule
but kevin was great
true
probably goes nowhere tho
if we find someone super cool like kevin ill let you know
this pushed me to go to lfg tho cause i realize with 4 the margin for people missing is super narrow
what do you expect
i mean milo cant say no to people
fuck it
aight
good vote
so the vote kinda works out
and theres 3 of you left
im 50/50
anyone else still want to do it
ok fuck you flake
the worst i can do is say fuck you
i mean i cant stop you or anything
kind of. im gone till january after this
milo what essay are you writing
legit tho 9. i want to get as much in as we can
I'll shoot your dick off
Fuck you
if youre late ill kill you irl
but its a hard 9
9s the new 7
9
so nobodys knocking out
you nibs better sleep now
Check the AH and afk on its steps
It'll be nice to go back to stormwind
Frozen throne expansion gonna be a journey
forgot that
also has a .5% chance to drop the rare carrot stick dildo mount
ig the dnd equivalent of 20-50g is 2-5 silver
and sometimes grey trash loot
no he drops 20-50g on death per person and 2 items per 10 people in the raid
Yes. His still living corpse is surrounded by the remains of other snowmen who died listening to his stories
but like any good raidboss killing him comes with a 1/6 chance to hit the gear you want
do you wanna build a snowman? more like do you want to see how much AS and lifesteal he can stack with guinsoo BT and ult
hes stacked with 6 beserker and 6 glacial buff and ready to fuck you up
for them robes
you gotta beat final boss olaf
wont someone help bring her back
elsa has gone mad in arendelle
i need to grade some faggy kids then write campaign
That is all
Roblox is gay
The thing where she tells Sven she likes him in leather and olaf says he lasted so long
They know why people are there
I fucking love that they ended the film on a bondage joke
Anna in the second one is pretty thicc too 
And walks with some mad sway
She wears a sheer dress
Bitch thicc
Understandable tho
I swear at least one person here went to see frozen 2 twice and nutted to it when they got home
Elsas fine ass gonna keep you warm
It's Arendelle now
ngl didnt name it yet
this is the area north of thaeron where the map cuts out
omega got a 1 day head start and takes big steps
2 weeks
what the fuck
idk milo just sleep between getting off work and 9 then
ill be in norcal until i start school but i think i can play from there
leaving the 18th and coming back the 29th
obviously the days between
can you guys all make it this week
im gonna be gone the 20th and 27th, maybe the 3rd
everyone else made it
ok well fuck you mars
is anyone NOT
im here
hippie shit
also wtf do you mean you practicing thinking about breathing
so its gay
and i dont need to impress anyone
i did used to go but muscle isnt useful
fuck
as
its boring
its easier just eating less
gym boring as fuck
my metabolism took a fat dive
dont you have to eat less now to not balloon
or eating once a day
yea if youre running for worlds fattest fuck
their portion sizes are always fucking supersized af
mexican food is way too much actual food tho
lol
samosas
Ayyy nice
uninstall emojis zoomer
from myself
so im safe
the best part is those emojis dont show up on my pc
Prepare for cancer ♋👍
My dumbass keyboard has a line of emojis above it now
😩
You looked. Faggot
👌
You won't
Do it pussy
Good
👌😩👌😩👌😩
9 tomorrow
9 tomorrow
9 tomorrow
9 tomorrow
9 tomorrow 
ig thats enough
you know what nobody said they cant make it
ye change it back. 9 is late enough to start
i thought you didnt work fridays tho
thats only like 30 min later than start
at least parsa answered
how is mars the most responsive
confirm
can you fucks
ig
meaning 9 now
Friday usual time
is better
deadass some tear item
i think ga is suboptimal in that build cause he never really drops
hmm
sanguine blade tft
Also there's this cheese with double seraph kindred that only loses to poison
Can't even be sword breaker countered 
my dude ran a train over a whole team
also i just built guinsoo bt ga olaf on christinas account with 6 beserkers 4 glacial
arright rip
It's what Hillary would do
That fish has to taste like ambrosia
Fucking suicidal weebs
Why even eat poison fish tho
Damn fish
Ulfric is an elf dick traitor
And the future of mankind
Tullius is just upholding the law
Ulfric bigger gay
Hmm. Daytime Friday idk. Worst case we just skip a week 
theres no time that works for you all between tomorrow and wednesday right
lul
just try to stay awake and lucid jett
nvm ig. back to 9 or whenever they answer
Milo Miles are you two free rn. jett said he can start earlier so in like 20-30 yea
ye. tell them like 730
you can dm them maybe. ill just be writing
yea do that. we can start whenever milo and miles say theyre free
just you know. actually wake up
dunno where miles and milo are anyway
take like a 30 minute nap
Aight cool. I'll work on it then
Btw Milo are you working at 9
im h e l l a bored
also do you guys know any good browser games or steam games that dont need a mouse
haunted af
but the servants dont seem to notice anything
yea. its all misty and theres fucking spiderwebs on the stairs
It makes break ins hella hard
Like symmael and davenhall who are on the academy council 
But also houses with powerful wizards
Yea same
in a high magic world like gestalt its reasonable to expect it on the castles of like a marquis or higher, or the exceptionally wealthy and influential
in a normal world itd be smth you expect on like palaces and ancient temples maybe
high but not like nobody in the realm can be paid to do it
6
spell
canon
literally
which is how i always figured but i fucking KNEW parsa would say its bs
so for really rich and powerful nobles theres no reason you wouldnt invest in that
not only that its literally permanent if you cast it every day for a year and anyone with a passphrase is immune
it makes 2500 square feet of area into a fogged maze where doors are arcane locked, intersections have a 50% chance of making you go the wrong way, 10 random doors are hidden, stairwells are webbed, and a bunch of other shit
and its literally a canon spell
but ik parsa wouldve flamed me
in manors for powerful nobles
what i was going to have something like
thats literally
wait you guys should look up the "guards and wards" spell
k getting on
actually im ditching class rn. can league in 15
instead of just watching movies
im kinda down. stuck in SM all day so no league tmrw. can actually fill out campaign then
so then tmrw 9 works ?
im out for like half an hour but i can get 1-2 after
milo tell that bitch to answer
Jett a ho 
is like a deadass 10
the dc on milo convincing someone hes sick
milo just say youre sick theyll buy it
so thats fine
id rather tomorrow. i got class tuesday that i CAN skip but obv thats not optimal
.
ik
Milo Miles Jett can anyone do tomorrow/tuesday
weekends are doomed
yea we're looking at tmrw/tuesday
tomorrow or tuesday work for me
ugh doomed
or only thanksgiving day
do you guys get that off
idk wednesday then?
saturday late night or sunday late hmm
i just want to get 1 session in before december
or maybe wednesday before thanksgiving
ik. thats why im asking about sat/sun
i want to try to do smth this weekend maybe cause im out of town next one. sat or sun maybe
also whos doing parsas thing friday
it calls itself father good touch
This is the full extent of what Morozov saw in regards to the western towns
Morozov: Where are you from, traveler. The townsfolk say you come from the west and that you speak of events most unnatural.

Jacob: I'm from Hillshadow, my lord. Its a small town a few days eastward of Rockywind. Well, it was a small town now. The place is taken over by some foul being. It came from the mountains it did. Walked down from above like some herald of the saints. And thats what it told us it was too. Those who listened to it gathered in the old chapel. I was on watch duty that day you see, but I could hear it kinda. It talked to us about "The Mistress" and promised she would come save us. Things aren't good for us out there in the valley. Yolen's boy lost two fingers by the river the other day and...

Morozov: Yes, I understand. Please focus on this creature. Did you perchance see it with your own eyes or hear any further about its master?

Jacob: Well it called itself an angel. One of them old ones too, straight out of the Edicts. Didn't give us no name though. Thats what set me off. Wouldn't give us the name of his "mistress" either, said she was beyond us. Whatever that means. The others bought it though.They gathered in that chapel and listened to him preach for hours. It was harmless enough. If only strange to see a faceless angel in full plate give sermon. He talked about saving us, giving us strength to fight the horrors that walk recently. Took two boys out back afterwards to teach them to fight. That's when it got real suspicious. I was on watch the next night too. Arren passed the morning and usually they rise at night. Only he didn't. The two boys didn't either. You ask me the angel took their souls. Can't rise again with no souls. 

Morozov: The vision fades here. I can see no further and Jacob will not make it to the estate for 2 days. We will consult then.

-Excerpt from Morozov's meeting on May 16th, penned by Mikhail Morozov on May 14th. 
also thats it then. going westward to the towns
or put the whole thing really unless something has a really good reason to be hidden then put it in the interior bio page
put smth in your front page bio that you want others to know
aight. sidenote everyones character sheets are now visible
tiebreaker mars
Jett decide. its tied
Jett decide. its tied
polls are closed
nvm miles stay home
oh fuck youre right
Miles Jett time to go to the polls. write in harambe or gay
idk you decide
the elves are less fey than true fey but even they are becoming cruel and short tempered
people have been crippled/killed
fey spirits are leaving the woods as usual but their pranks are now more violent
its things like the forest is killing loggers
which is why for now youre pretty much assured to be first to the job
youre uncertain. the preliminary info you have is due to morozov's network and communion giving him vague head-starts on events
mars and jett yet to vote
1 for fey, 1 for western towns rn
if its truly pressing or someone else can handle his duty
though if you wanted he can be convinced to go to battle
hes battle ready and capable but he cares most about tending to the faithful
he joined because he wanted to be part of lucias sect
same with lautrec and thorvald, he's the stand-in religious leader
without worrying about her devotees
leaving her free to take direct action in the world
and lucia is freed up now that a paladin is managing her church
morozov is handling the estate and penny has a linked parchment to talk to him
yea
buying supplies is a day's errand
brew potions, gather plants from the greenhouse, etc
so as far as prep goes its up to you what you want to prepare before setting off
there are trainees but few truly understand the faith to the same level as those who are chosen by the gods to lead
youre the temple's bishop and hes an ordained priest
he's your priest rn
than tending to the faithful
and if its a job he values more
you can bring him but nobody will be running the church
you can pick up the benefits of paladin's chapel/cleric's church during an extended rest
but an extended rest is also a thing
prep as adventurers is just gathering supplies right
you can prep however long but the events will continue obviously
youre adventurers now so you dont have time limits
theyre all pretty stereotypical hooks but ill make them interesting in details
theyre really saying an angel has come from Beyond and has been offering salvation, but some escaped and claim its actually killing people and taking their souls
not the undead and death knight shit
glorfindel's poor mood turning fey to darkness, tremors and crop failings to the northeast, king's survey, and western towns calling for aid
so the 4 are:
and you want to deal with
its like we take on A first and see what situation next arises
im trying to say you dont have to say we do A-&gt;C-&gt;d-&gt;
likely by the time you deal with an issue some of the others will have been dealt with or passed or snowballed
the king's survey isnt like you MUST be there to deal with it
mars you also dont 100% have to deal with all of them or any of them
you need them to class into dark magic
he carries dark seals
kapp
a figure in dark plate with a cleaver the size of most men
they claim the dead walk again and a figure in the night is claiming souls
and towns in the western valley by the baronies are sending for aid
the king is rumored to be sending an expedition to judge the city and determine if it needs to be taken over and fixed by the army
a mix of both things making the river more dangerous and limiting shipping
causing crops to fail and refugees flooding into the city
by where riegan went
earthquakes in the north
for now, the pressing concerns are - glorfindel's disappearance and internal anger turning all the fey-creatures in the land into dark fey
anyway riegan may be an issue but not for months
you guys didnt want to level squish back to 3 right
but also we should talk about character arcs so nobody feels left out
theres a few issues that morozov proposes be solved. its up to you to pick which to handle first is how i think itll go
and gets out into the city to be seen and heard
while he integrates back into society
and so penny can manage the estate from a distance
he'll equip the party with a spanreed for communication
the lord morozov after his revelation is still bent on rebuilding his house and his father's legacy but now realizes part of that legacy was how long his father avoided becoming the serpent's champion and so he also wants to fight it. hes an evil man trying to redeem himself and become better
big pharma money
e.g. murder spree
how about the rule is dont do anything another party member would likely turn on you for
so is that what you guys want then, straight continue but with tone shift and a swap
unless youre all still on board with a brand new campaign outside of daggercourt that ties into joining the morozov house
thats the stance i like. personal ambitions but also a desire to rebuild from the rubble
i think it comes down to goal. is the party going to be self-serving, benevolent for selfish meanns, etc
its not out of character to have a change of heart in times of crisis
nobles are losing their control
guards are hanging people by the dozen
arcane fixtures are failing
heres the thing, a major calamity just hit the city
can you guys also decide an alignment and goal then
yes, in case you missed it, morozov was the pawn of the serpent. ill post the vision later but tldr he meets the ninth saint who betrayed the others to their doom. its a reality in the modern day and in that one, Nine never died and managed to have descendants. however in the original, even his betrayal forced nilgesh into making a deal. all souls in the afterlife are his to consume and torture except the few the 8 could protect. so Nine is working from that reality by sending his descendant's souls into people in original time so the serpent can work through them. Morozov's father was killed before coming into his realization but mikhail managed to
what do you guys wanna do
if youre ok switching then morozov will have his change of heart after realizing he's the serpent's pawn
like shes got business experience and shit idk
theres ways to explain why penny is running operations
it doesnt matter i think
talk
so
i also wanted more party discussion
also unless anyone can't we should start at 9 for jett
although ig that was parsa
also hopefully with one less voice its easier to get everyone to contribute equally and be invested in the story. e.g. at least read relevant handouts and not be playing darkest dungeon
once it feels deserved and you have gold, allies, etc
so if youre all cool with that we can hand the reigns to him and move to out of city shit
like rn its seems mars is the one most willing to operate the estate
aight so theres some logistics stuff to talk about
why tf would i block him in 21 not 12
so i ignored him 2 days
didnt have shit to say
dude i read his message
i never blocked him
well i was gonna talk to him
you guys are the most tilting fucks you know that. legit tilted me a full 24 hours. not even ranked is that bad
thats why i died
im just gonna go. if i have smth that i want ill see if people wanna run it or maybe ill run gestalt on my own. i cant handle 5 different opinions and shit rn. put me back when theres a consensus maybe or i find passion again
theres too many opinions and shit
that was literally one of the first consensuses
dude nobody wanted that
i cant not care about that
literally both fell apart because people wanted out. theres no campaign without people who have fun with it and want to run it
empire. nobleman sim
i did. we ran it
or i cant make something that I both want and everyone likes
because everyone expects something different
because none of them did
right so like it didnt work
wtf is that message
besides parsa and the 3 people who were like fuck it yea i agree with him
so building shit I want to run is pointless
so nothing worked right see
it was awful
no atlas kept saying mlady and shit
maybe its just doomed
this one apparently everyone hated it in secret
empire campaign 3 people left and nobody liked it when it ended
i hated atlas so idc there
youre like the one person who said they liked the first one
id rather have my friends than randoms
like you see how if I come up with something nobodys ever happy
the first one was too rng with the deck ig
the one with atlas was doomed hes a fuckin fedora beard nig
nobody wanted to run black empire bc it was powergaming and railroaded
we already tried that and apparently nobody wanted to run nobleman simulator
thats good
also parsa gets a lot of hints that otherwise get ignored so
cancelling parsa just makes it 4
and not 1 cohesive one
i mean the core problem is still that i get 5 opinions at a time
thats the real oppression
and everyone having vastly different ideas what they want for campaign
mostly by parsa flaming me
xd
im oppressed
whys nobody thinking about me
all the candidates suck
and doesnt target silicon valley
on anyone besides those with like 100mil+
i just want a democrat who wont raise taxes
she was retarded
bitch had a problem with pepe the from
but everytime i say hillary sucked its a huge thing
politics is the worst. i just want lower taxes and the govt to do something about china. abortion rights and shit dont matter cause california will always protect them
honestly tho
and the point is fine
replace better with "have more economic value and are more reasonable humans with a nobler cause"
yea that was poorly phrased
i can fuck with it
deadass tho shooting at cops with a bow and making a last stand 
and i thought for a second there was a riot
with like a bus and shit
also i walked outside and cops barricaded figueroa for the game
i dont have to justify myself as not racist if im not
no im sticking with the hong kong people are just better and therefore the protest is more important
gonna copy paste this and win the argument
im vindicated boom
its not racist you just cant afford to care about everyone. you gotta pick your battles and the hk people are just more important
yea thats my point too
its also socialist vs socialist or some shit
idk if its about communism i didnt bother. poor people only ever riot for like class warfare and shit
also venezuelan poor people are protesting about it too
nah there are. lebanon is protesting about economics
their cause is meaningful because its ideology is better than the other protests, the people are more relatable, and theyre worth more so shouldnt be treated that way
anyway i still think shes wrong about the racism accusation
like fucking third worlders trying to overthrow the government and make a communist system
and being treated like rebellious peasants
i mean no matter what theyre valuable people with intelligence and reason
its a disproportionate reaction. theyre treating them like common trash
but like the hk citizens are actually reasonable and can be negotiated with
the others are straight up rebellions and shit where putting it down IS a viable and fair response
not a mob or a riot
the worst part of hk is those are reasonable people out there with a reasonable demand
thats worth a riot
but if it was over surveillance and learning lizard people control you then hell yea
like if LA started rioting over the minimum wage theres no way id support that because its fucking dumb and not a real cause
definitely not even similar. noble ideology vs begging for handouts
freedom is a cause you have to fight for. wages and living standards just get a fuckin job
which is not the same as protesting for freedom
the lebanon protest is about shit like wages and living standards
i dont think its a class thing vs an ideals thing
its worse obviously to ignore and suppress people with legitimate ideals and causes formed through education and globalization
one is meaningful and should be considered, the other is a violent mob
like its the american revolutionary cause vs the yellow turban rebels
because again its not like theyre starving peasants begging for food reforms
also yes
wtf is wrong with the statement its worse to commit violence against an educated and civilized populace
were talking educated and wealthy people and nobody does shit which makes no sense
like the average hk citizen is leagues more important and each death is far worse
there shouldnt be anything. its different suppressing third world poverty ass bitches than trying to do it on people who matter
its a country one
its not a race accusation
i feel like thats just objective and true
theyre backwaters
so ofc theyre gonna have violent suppressions and shit
also lebanon literally is in the middle of ISIS and shit
brazil the murder capitol
fidel castro. venezuela being one big civil war
yea i did and she said its racist
than countries with civil wars and dictators and shit up until the current century
i expect nations with wealth, education, long histories of civilization and culture to be bettter
youre comparing civilized and educated countries with poor backwaters so its worse when bad things happen there even if its not as much of an atrocity
there shouldnt be comparable atrocities at all
i dont really think its anything. i just said i expect better from asia than the middle east or south america
which is apparently "racist"
we should be better than the other places
its worse because that stuff shouldnt happen in developed asian countries
and less people die or whatever
so how it actually went down was i tried saying the stuff theyre doing in hk is worse than other protests because even though its not as violent
i feel like im just being attacked for not being an sjw
like the victims of republican policies are poor white/black/mexicans in southern states and shit
but like in california were safe from that
like i told her the republicans are better for us economically and she flamed me cause they hate women
i cant shes already tilted i dont care enough about like womens issues and crap
theres real shit going on
poor white people die or get abused. they were homeless and shit whatever
old timey white peasants whatever
i dont really care about that issue either
mother teresa or some shit
wtf does she expect me to be
like how are you supposed to care about people who dont even look like you or think like you in a part of the world youll never see or care about
theyre college students who are well off, east asian but not chinese, same age, etc
like its not as though theyre broke third worlders
i feel like its natural to only emphasize with those very much like you
christina says thats racist but i disagree
theres also a 99% chance its because theyre asian and therefore are like me and matter while the others werent but like also fuck china
but this one matters you feel
like the lebanon/middle east/ukraine shit nah
but also these protests are like the only ones that actually get to me emotionally
this looks kinda fun. im ready to die and i want to shoot some chinese while im at it
totally different topic
im gonna go play terraria or smth
just need to get 3 more
well at least you 2 are talking to each other
dungeons are dynamically lit
meta gaming the dungeon lags my will to live
get on one page
nobody like dynamic lighting either
and like just talk to each other what you wanna do. i thought nobody liked dungeon crawls but now thats different
i also just meant do you want the questgivers to be like mentor types who send you on shit to help you grow and better the world or send you on stuff meant to help the estate and gather goods
i did hit the senna thanks
unless you dissent to this then thats all there is
the general consensus is as long as its serious and adventurery were chillin
mars wants 2 you want 1 i get it
let them just say their piece
dont try to influence them on their opinions
i shouldnt have to
you ttell people what to do on their turn
yea but you need to chill
on voting for reset
no he doesnt he used his already
I got shit to do
Fuck it talk it out I'm done 
You don't get that you didn't want to be noble
Pick a tone and a darkness level from everyone gets tickled to police brutality and civil war
Pick a tone and a darkness level from everyone gets tickled to police brutality and civil war
School gay
do it then pussy
thats hella gay
and now you want to spend it all in the manor which is smaller
for spending all the time in one area
you literally just flamed us
parsa fuck your vote you toxic cuck
or solve some murder mystery with the assassin
or keep the hresvelgs doing it
idk where you are with the church shit. you want them to antagonize you or smth
listen theres 2 modes i like. 1 academy adventure where the quest givers are like mentors and youre exploring the depths of the manor and the local area or 2 you just do some serious adventuring. roll into towns and mines and shit and clear them out of whatever evil has infested them. go home and right injustices with your strength
thats something special
and everyones all together
but like its the kind of comradarie from scouts where youre in it to the end
and also really dark
like it seems super fun
theres molotovs and arrows
the police are sieging a university
deadass have you guys seen the hk protests
and ill see if im up for it after i chill
just talk to each other about what you want. if you want to do some meme shit then agree on it
tru. talk to me after like a few days or maybe after thanksgiving we'll see
vyrmias especially though is a better creature after his connection to the Dragon Spirits was severed by the leylines shattering. while not quite good, he isnt fueled by Tiamat's evil either. he's his own person who may be greedy and ambitious but ultimately feels some empathy and a duty towards his "hoard" and the people in it
also all the management of the morozov estate turned a sort of new leaf. like they have the same general good-ness that the party has, +/- a little based on their previous dispositions
    It was a cloudy day. The immaculate letter stood out against the stack of forms on my desk and I could feel myself drawn to it. It pressed me to open it, the viridian seal freshly pressed against the crisp paper just barely holding it together. The Serpent's voice still echoed in my mind accusing me of terrible conspiracy. I knew then that I would defy fate, that my human hands would shape destiny by refusing to bow to darkness. The devil on my shoulder could burden me no longer. I forsook Fierna, her fiery brand searing into my heart as I spoke the words. But then, I was free.

    The letter spoke of a grand event to be held at the Oculus. The show of a lifetime, it promised. And so I left, allies in tow.

    We were given seats upon the Silver Bridge, befitting one of my status. Upon the Oculus sat the Pale Assassin, her lithe frame imprisoned in silver chains. The cage around her shook with the force of her rattling. The Hresvelg boy sat afore of me, his hands clenched in rage and triumph. The Archbishop stood at his shoulder consoling the youth. 

    Suspended in the air above the Assassin were six spikes of steel easily a dozen feet at the base. They pointed inwards at her from an even distance, ready to annihilate at the drop of a hat. The Duke himself stood at the helm of a metal ship, reading the charges against her. Strangely, her mask was left intact though her body was stripped to the bare minimum of modesty. 

    Her charges finished, it came time for the ceremonial defending of one's honor. She spoke, clear and elegant common tongue with the bare trace of exoticism. "Leeches," she accused, "Long have you drawn upon the power of those who have gone Beyond, draining their essence to fuel your greed and sloth."  She shattered the shackles around her wrists and stood, standing proud against a city that would see her dead.

"Magic is not your toy. It is His power made manifest. You stand here upon the crucible of chaos and pat yourselves on the shoulder for your ingenuity. You drink from the darkest pits of the cosmos and see only gilded beauty." The air shimmered and the woman appeared above the cage as a wash of nothing flooded me. All emotion dead, even the hunger I felt no longer pained me. Only curiosity remained, flared to its peak in anticipation of her next move.

    The spikes fell, seeking her pale flesh. No, not fell. The Serpent's Eye flowed through me, illuminating pale blue lines tethering the spikes to the Assassin. They were pulled towards her, no longer suspended by the Rune carved across her back. I screamed, shattering the silence as I dashed forwards and sought to stop the inevitable. But even the Serpent's foresight was not enough. Her eyes locked with mine and I knew then she was ready.

    She leaped, pushed upwards on a pale line of invisible steel. Her Runes burned with otherworldly light only I was cursed to see. The spikes crashed into the cage beneath her. It gave way, the metal piercing through the Oculus. She was thrown upwards on unseen force and the spikes drove through the Oculus, splitting it in half. Magic lines burned through the air as the Leylines were cut. Nobles clutched their heads and screamed as power leeched from them back into the world. In the chaos, I lost track of the girl. 

    Things changed that day. Magic that once was simple is beyond the ken of many. The power we relied no longer heeds our command. Alone of my allies, only my abilities remain, though I know the source and detest it. In these trying times, it seems we will need to learn to rely on unity and cooperation rather than raw Arcana. Now, I seek those who will work for the greater good. If you have received this letter then one I trust has seen fit to extend this trust to you. And so, I ask of you, join with me. Let us forge a new future together.



-Sincerely,

Mikhail von Morozov
and if you dont have 2 12s, bump 2 to 12
under 7 = 7
min of 7
were doing 3d6
unless miles or mars are vehemently against it
3d6
so were going back to basics
they said they want level 1
fuckers
aight
where you at
or 3
are you guys 1
for him
send you to get magic stuff 
vyrmias is head sorcerer
etc
lautrec is captain of the guard
penny is treasure girl
lucia is religion and estate manager
morozov is big boss
so youre hirelings
old party is npcs now
they want to be all good people
also new combat rules: no talking on other peoples turns or it costs your reaction, no talking on your turn or its your bonus action, you have 20-30s to make your action or you lose it
if you do theyll be lesser ones, if you get them later probably theyll be better lessers or greaters idk
decide if you want to start with your runes or not
if you  want hooks talk to your mentors e.g. the old party to see what the estate needs at the moment
basically youre adventurers now not nobles
and you make 1/3rd of the money brought in to him
so you can still access those but dont have to manage it
estate bonuses are now given by lord morozov e.g. you can use his tailor or his tower after you make him particularly proud
standing around pointing at random things you dont understand is not assisting
once declared its followed through on. you can only assist if youre also proficient
skill checks cant be taken back and actions cant be taken back
if you guys remake characters be aligned together so nobody is directly opposed to others plans
listen here fuck wit you couldve pitched to your party any idea you had
also npc lord morozov pays you a total of 1/3rd the gold made
maybe make new runes
why are you letting mars set all your missions
ok then why are you choosing hooks in the city
fix npc sheets
if we do this im gonna take like 2 weeks of to chill
i mean you guys said you wanted to be the nobles when i pitched it
and take action the standard route while he manipulates events behind the scenes
but unfortunately npc lord morozov knows that his enemies are watching his move and so he cant engage in direct actions and so needs adventurers to rebuild his house
with the violence enhancement
and wielding the forbidden metallic rune of the serpent
determined to right the wrongs against his house
npc lord morozov is a powerful 7th level warlock
i mean i can just make her level 10 and always succeeds divine intervention
everyone else stays unchanged
so like bishop 20-&gt;15, pcs 7-&gt;3, average nobles -&gt;3-5
anyway it sounds like everyone likes the level flattening and i do to
thats your call
but if you choose to do things in the city during session thats fine
you always return and can do out of week things
yea daggercourt is supposed to just be home
now the guards are murderous soldiers with decades of experience
like before the elves came the guards were cr 1/4th
the town scales based on whos occupying it
so theres less out of town options
but also be weaker
you guys said you want to go out of town more
see i just get conflicting options tho
hill giants are like the dumbest shittiest giants
and the orcs will facestomp you
so you can no longer bully giants around like nothing
for the record tho things outside the city arent going down in level
but keeps it even within the other nobles/church/etc
basically the level setback just nerfs your power compared to peasants/things outside the city
nah i was gonna make morozov an npc then
i get it
thats it
basically all the npcs and pcs in the city go from scaled at 5 base to 1 base
the base and shit would stay as it is unless you want to full on reset
its jsut a setback on levels
Well you're dumb it's clear you shouldn't try to
Honestly scaling the levels dwn will just make things outside the city more deadly and dangerous which I'm ok with. Won't affect power balance in the city besides runes being more impactful
Like the fucking fel reaver in outland
There's going to be titans and monsters. You don't have to interact with them but if you do they'll be what they are
But then just go fuck with the dozen other nobles who can't
Until fail
No he's upset the archbishop overpowered him with stun instead of making him repeat saves
Or stop fucking with the few high level npcs in the city
Honestly just enjoy more abilities and learning to deal with more abilities
It's getting her unappointed
Also she's going to be like 13-15 if you reset to first. Your means to bringing her down isn't combat
Idc if you want to reset. I just don't see how the average noble being able to cast 3rd level spells and you can too being different from you both can't
Their pointy hats deal 100d6 piecing
Gnomes are magic too now. If you call them g-nelfs or g-noblins they'll fucking eat your face like a nigga on bath salts
+69 gp in the bank
But strangely the gold is warm and liquid but hey. Free money
And 2 leper gnomes
As she defeats the gnome king
Sudden showers of gold rain on Lucia
Yes
And you can squish him then. 10iq play
The hat will run out of point 
If you throw enough nobles on a gnome
Also nobles are mostly going to be 5th level ish mages from the academy training or older war veterans with martial skills
It just be like that
Divine magic can manifest in ways like the cathedrals mythal-like blessing
But let's establish that spells are not all there is to magic. Like wish, power is flexible. Spells are mortal understanding of how to shape magic but there are infinite ways like how spells can be researched and augmented. Creatures of magic like dragons and fey can do things with it that others can't
Send them into oz instead of perdition
Idk banish them and suck at it 
Also it's definitely the first thing
If you want fantasy stop asking what spells things are. Some spells you don't know and may never know. Vyrmias sending a dude into a book. He's a dragon their sorcery is different Idk. Maybe he converted that area to a wizard tower and studied an alternate banishment. Maybe he fucking lied and it was an illusion book. Idk 
No. Power walk only
Just don't run with scissors
So nobody gets an ouchie
But if you really want the baby rails I'm gonna also put a bunch of yellow police tape there
And you guys decide how to proceed
I'm gonna put a super charged beholder fed on the leylines that converge on the oculus
Do you want realistic or fantasy. Realistically anything in reach has been found. Fantasy rules maybe there's smth waiting for gemis heir
Do it idc. I thought we were chillin but maybe it's inting time
Also don't listen to Mars sit there are ruins under the city with loot 
Ree 
No fuck you
Talk. See what you guys want to do. I hear apparently you want more out of city shit so then plan objectives out of the city. Idk. If your problem is mars picking all the hooks then come up with some. That's what down weeks are for. Give me some vague shit like I survey land in the country to see if I can supplant the local baronet. So then I can give hooks. If you fucking do specific tasks in the city idk how I can lead you out
Anyway I'm tired of this dumbass argument. I'll see you guys if I find the will to do this next week otherwise maybe the one after Thanksgiving idk 
If you want the guard rails up I can put them up but if you want it truly do what you want then it's on you to know where you are on your journey and think what you're capable of
In
That's not I'm aa range
Shit
But I'm glad I did
No problem. Really didn't think I needed to make it clear
Thanks for coming to my Ted talk
Just think of it as a journey 5-X or whatever instead of 1-X-5. Same arc just different levels 
Also for everyone. Don't meta levels to strength. Everything is just 5+ base. I thought that was chill and understood but I guess not. Don't meta spells. This module includes variant spells from arcane towers and research. And runes
Do adventure shit and let him reap the benefits. Say something or do smth to fix it
If you don't like having a house and allies and peasants then fuck it swear under loren and be his vassals
Fuck
its about how are you in the journey
it shouldnt be about level though
and specific effects
and howthey work
so he cant metagame spells
or runes
and doesnt like how this setting includes shit like custom spells from wizard tower
so like he just gets tilted
and rn youre still closer to 0 but he doesnt understand it
but i wanted more of a journey from zero to hero
no like his problem is that he thinks he should be able to get away with big shit because hes 7
if you guys are up for it im down otherwise we can find a rando to replace him?
and runes become more useful ig
just the access to spells and features changes
idc either way cause the story, estate, etc will all be the same
tbh i wanted the campaign to be like a full story from nobody to heroes so the scaling rn is just everything started +5
ig thats what he wants
is his logic
cause you leveled twice
cause i started it at 5 to continue gestalt
and tbh i think the same so if you want to we can do that or keep as is
and all the npcs scaled down too
he said hed like it more if everyone went back to lvl 3
idc
or 2
since we arent doing this week do you guys want another free week in game and session starts a week after the temple opens
sleeping is the best
tru
ye. i assume sat/sun don't work so next week then
you get the good and the bad with the river
trade
thats why night visibility is basically darkness even with street lanterns
also for reference, the mist at night is like this
Aight
still better than trying to get a commitment earlier than the day before
i mean the system kinda works tho
ive learned nobody saying they cant is a better indicator than trying to get you fucks to answer that you can
same
fair enough. ik parsa is trying to rig it to the dwarf so its at least helpful to him
So the expected votes are Chad 9. Giron 6. Stabler 2. Unknown 2
Anyway the other 4 council members are the voice of the commons, the high general, Lord of recreation, and Lord of exploration. High general is obv Maxwell graves. Recreation is Thomas von Morton. Exploration is thane von stabler. Last 2 are voting for stablers son. Voice of the commons is chosen at random on the day of
abyssal is necessary for any well adjusted citizen
demons are very talkative
ig riegan guards would kill some kids too tho
its late
i thought you meant city guards
no kids are dumb enough to risk it
you know the elves wont have a problem killing kids
has to be quick and easy ones
you dont know enough about patrol timings to set it up without being caught
setting up traps goes well. none of them are found but you manage only simple ones like tripwires, nothing big like hidden rocks
but you cant get a great look at all the guards so you only have a rough schedule of their outermost patrol. still in the dark about their interior guards, any spells, etc
well you certainly don't get caught
aight. stealth-perception for week 1, stealth-sleight of hand week 2
are you setting this up just hoping nobody sets them off early
while they dont think shes a hired spy, they wont hire her just in case. she gets off without capture
6 deception, 11 performance. they buy her story somewhat but with no proof of her having worked for the morozov's or any other house and her apparent age, they dont believe her to be a true commoner with no ulterior motive
like a narc
and she sounds very eager to get in
none of the previously hired morozov workers know her
no i mean her story sounds super suss
you also sound like a narc
just as he does stuff and gets better ig. rn parsa has him patrolling your lands until lucia gives him a task
but hes only 5th level so he also gets slapped
and he slaps bitches
if you guys havent seen the new paladin in lucia's employ his name is brother velain
tbf theres probably more than those 2, you just have to look in ruins from the Calamity
because theyre the 2 metals in the alloy that Anyeira is forged from as well as the focus for rilatar's staff
its hard to even find mention of their existence and these 2 are the more well known
no theres others but researching them takes a long time
Radiant Gold. Radiant gold is crafted on the upper planes by infusing completely pure gold with incredible amounts of positive energy, and is the material used to craft an angel's weapons. It is said that the only the forge capable of handling this material exists in Mount Celestia, and is manned by none other than the dwarf god Moradin, while other sources claim that Solars are capable of forming the material and crafting swords from it by immersing normal gold directly into the plane of positive energy with their bare hands.

Radiant Gold had the following properties:

Any object crafted from radiant gold is an artifact that requires attunement by a good creature. It cannot be destroyed by any means other than being melted down in an environment of pure positive energy.
Radiant gold, and any object crafted from it, emits bright light in a 60 foot radius, and dim light for another 60 feet. This light is sunlight.
Any weapon made of radiant gold has a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls, and deals 2d8 extra radiant damage on a hit. This bonus increases to 5d8 against fiends and undead. Additionally, attacks with such a weapon against fiends and undead are made with advantage.
Armor made of radiant gold grants the wearer a +3 bonus to armor class, advantage of saving throws against magical effects, resistance to damage dealt from spells or other magical effects, and immunity to radiant damage. Additionally, fiends and undead have disadvantage attacking a creature wearing such armor.
Weapon attack and damage rolls made with a weapon made of radiant gold can use the wielder's Charisma or Wisdom modifier (their choice), in place of Strength or Dexterity.
A creature that isn't of good alignment takes 1d8 radiant damage when touching radiant gold. This damage increases to 3d8 for an evil creature.
A cleric or paladin that is attuned to a holy symbol crafted from radiant gold has a +3 bonus to spell attack rolls, and increases their spell save DC by 3.
An item made of radiant gold disappears from its attuned owner's possession upon death, following the creatures soul to where ever it goes in the multiverse.
Olympian Bronze. Forged by the immortal demigod cyclopes of Olympus, Olympian bronze is the material that the arms of the Olympian gods that reside in Arborea wield, the very weapons that they used to defeat the titans during the primordial age of the multiverse. The Olympian gods often give weapons made of the stuff to their demigod children, though they just as often fall into the possession of other great heroes, as if guided to them by fate.

Olympian bronze has the following properties:

Any object crafted from Olympian bronze is an artifact that requires attunement. It cannot be destroyed or reformed by any means other than by the cyclopes' forge in Olympus.
Any weapon made of Olympian bronze has a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls, and deals 2d8 extra damage on a hit. This bonus increases to 5d8 against titans. Additionally, attacks with such a weapon against titans are made with advantage.
A creature that had been damaged by a weapon made of Olympian bronze cannot regain hit points for 10 minutes. This even foils the regeneration of deities, and the wish spell.
Armor made of Olympian bronze grants the wearer a +3 bonus to armor class, advantage of saving throws against magical effects, and resistance to damage dealt from spells or other magical effects. Additionally, titans have disadvantage attacking a creature wearing such armor.
A creature attuned to an item made of Olympian bronze is immune to the frightened condition.
A cleric or paladin that worships an Olympian deity and is attuned to a holy symbol crafted from Olympian bronze has a +3 bonus to spell attack rolls, and increases their spell save DC by 3.
An arcane focus crafted from Olympian bronze functions as a +3 wand of the war mage. Additionally, any spell that its owner casts that deals acid, cold, fire, lighting, or thunder damage deals an additional 2d8 damage.
aight rip
or deadass spend a week looking up obscure references to mythic ones
so did you mean exotic metals
Could be anything up there. Nobody lived to tell
It's unknown
Get on vent. It's raid night
20 is gay
Just raid azure peak 10 man mythic
which were slain by nilgesh
yea precisely. e.g. radiant gold is sourced directly from the plane of divinities 
needs 2
also chad has 9
so these are their natural leanings
yea you just know vague histories about these houses
I also just scrolled through to find it you lazy fuck
rn its hugh, eliot x2, erasmus, edward, gabriel, ian, vivian, george for chad

and rilatar, meira, lorcan, vatmoud, aimer, william for the ironflex son
The only reference to them otherwise is in a handout about the saints
Yea. That's why
I didn't mention them. There's only a hand out for exotic
i assume you were talking about exotic metals tho
the two known of are glorfindel's sword and rilatar's staff, though it scarred him for life when he tried wielding it
the only sources are the artifacts left from before Nilgesh's arrival
mythic metals like radiant gold, olympic bronze, nidasteel, etc are beyond the capabilities of the world to produce or forge
so charging the dragon with the crime is suss at best
parsas point was the lord prosecutor is the one who likely killed morozov so bringing it up with him is likely doomed
which is why he was involved
william used to work as a senior eye in prosecution
the lord prosecutor charges cases such as the riegan one. just fyi
lord prosecutor - erasmus von gloom
lord justice - Aimer al-daemir
so in other words hes in charge of inspecting shipments in and out for smuggled goods
hes no longer a general prosecutor
his old position, now his new one, is lord inspector
for the record hes NOT lord of justice nor lord prosecutor
wait no william grey has been lord inspector for 3 weeks yea
though consider is a very weak word
they council nominated them already but by law must consider suitable candidates who apply
the total candidates are unknown but the forerunners are clear
the elections are a ways off. neither candidate has a strong majority so none have pushed for a date to be set
Yea. They're the only voters
House 
Though they have strong ties to every horse
Explicitly
The church is 2 votes
thats smarter. see whos most likely to get the most votes
i feel like people will vote themselves tho
1 unassigned seat, 4 unknown
and rilatar, meira, lorcan, vatmoud, aimer, william for the ironflex son
you assume based on histories
rn its hugh, eliot x2, erasmus, edward, gabriel, ian, vivian, george for chad
you know 16 of 20, 4 are less important and rarely go to meetings
theres 20 total. theres no official hearing process until the vote day but obv outside meetings are a thing
gloom would be difficult
and gabriel
you can probably sway meira easiest
for the record you know eliot holds 2 seats and vatmoud 1 so those votes are essentially impossible to get
so not impossible
but also gabriel hagan is there
i meant its hard to spin a guild member as a valid council candidate
tho i guess hagan did it
idk how to spin a guild member
ex officer could provided he turns his public image
actually lucia is a bishop so thats definitely a good standing
not popularly but by law they can
knights and priests are noble enough to run
3 if you count yumiko
and his house holds 2 council seats already
chad is popular
the dwarf houses have lots of arms and metal
its pretty 50/50 between the dwarf and chad
and a third lesser noble not really in the running but there for diversity
one of the ironflex sons with ties to the guard and smiths
your competition is chad hresvelg whos a prominent and liked heir
just not a public one
its kind of an election
so youre helping that trade
spice price is down tho cause orcs stopped raiding caravans
and why weapons/arms are expensive now on top of demand
thats part of why riegan needed to get ore elsewhere actually
other market changes btw:
ore - up, kobolds raided a few mines
wax - down, kobolds
food - down, spring
crafted things - up, riots
he told you about the riegans tho
but only every few days
hydrius would strike herds at a time
or humans
vyrmias goes through a cow a day or equivalent in smaller stock
hydrius or vyrmias
wool
it wasnt just leathers but yea
so parsa can get his hide armor cheaper after the market corrects
hes not eating cows at least
actually this is all on their sheet just read that. back to hydrius
tho it gets harder to pass
proficiency on the first pass, expertise on the second, +2 after taht
alchemy and enchanting they can train repeatedly tho
up to a cap
and if you have the gold and standing with them they can teach feats, profeciencies, and even saves
the academy teaches alchemy too
its definitely a rare hybrid, probably not one of a kind but rare
bar like a kraken or something summoning a storm and feeding on them
and storm elementals are powerful enough that few things will destroy them when they slip through
it takes ritual to bind them permanently
bc most elementals can only survive so long before returning
surge elementals consuming storm beads will almost never happen naturally
anyway a few things for knowledge
also stop flaming peoples decisions. i dont think this was ooc
like earthquakes cause earthquakes and seismic stress
elementals wouldnt stop disasters tho because theyre sources of great elemental power that create more sources of power
natural disasters do occur
to his credit tho
parsas just worried he'll cause tremors that cause the river to flood or smth
it helped him escape and get to the citadel
especially now when hes larger and stronger than the storm elemental he tamed with help
maybe abandoning him makes sense but not trying to take him on
destroying it severs ties for no reason
its still a friend and ally
i think lucias decision makes sense tho
hydrius_irl
~600
its a few hundred miles upriver
he dives into the earth and you feel it shake and tremor
hydrius consumes it and grows to about 45ft in height. lightning crackles around his form and stone is drawn into his body. 
probably closer to the boiling lake that sources the divide
yea hes going to find a more powerful source
nvm 25
he seems honest
13
tru
how tf do you read an elemental
yea, he'll relocate
milo are you giving him the bead
you arent there
those 4 are "high" elementals and require a long ritual summoning to exist outside their plane
you know that elementals of the base elements are considered "low" and can be found naturally having slipped through the planes
like no jumping into a runic binding or taking on the entire city or challenging a dragon
but he's willing to change terms to he does anything you ask one time so long as it does not risk his life too much
they have nothing
other than the fact there is an elemental lord in the loosely defined "local area"
and they "talked"
like they captured lesser ones
theyre just starting to be onto him
wait hes been covert so far. it just seems like random floodings leading to drowned livestock
well then he'd happily do anything for you once
but if you brought him an elemental of light, arcana, life, or time to consume
so no wanton destruction
he would accept on the condition he doenst reveal himself to the mages
yes
only lacks air, the weakest element
it hits thermal, aquatic, earthen
you lack the strength to challenge one of the great ocean elementals. theyre ancient. hes likely to traverse through the earth to an underground resevoir and take that as his territory
he'd be free to go anywhere unclaimed by another powerful elemental and feed there
though ofc he still has the strongest ties to water
as part of the storm hydrius can command all 4 base elements
so hes extra invested in growing as fast as possible
hes also worried they know of him. other elementals have whispered theyve been capturing lesser elementals searching for "the most dangerous water elemental ever", practicing binding and drawing power from their experiments
true. Hydrius is kind of hostile now, he doesnt attack you outright but hes not as friendly as before. His form has grown and now his center is angry whitewater. He also steams when he rises out of the water and even from 10ft you feel his warmth. Elementals are hard to read but its clear he desires the bead. With it he would become more of a typhoon-spirit and have the potential to even one day overpower the mages who would capture him
all this over the price of leathers
they really grow on arcana, drawn from their elemental source, living creatures, or other elementals
also surge elementals like to consume flesh because blood. all elementals grow fastest when conquering and consuming others of their kind though
and leave the river
depends, if you ignore him he will eventually grow large enough to challenge the great elementals of the ocean
or outside forces send him back
he's likely to remain and grow until another elemental enters his territory and consumes him
which is why most summonings are temporary
also water elementals grow in power and size and territory the longer theyre in the material plane
all elementals are changed by the natural forces around them but water is most malleable
also elementals of water tend to change personalities to fit the body of water they inhabit
oh right i forgot the class. elementals are primal forces but when made to come into the material plane, they have to "feed"
ergo high price of leather
its a bad time to be livestock rn really
and people
also theres this thing where periodically cows get kidnapped
you have a good sense of whats happening
only in rivers that feed into or from the Divide tho
theres just random events where cows drown en masse
farms up and down river within ~200 miles of DC
also poaching is hard when the nearby forest is filled with wood elves
leathers expensive now
since some weird shits been going on and cattle are dying when they drink from nearby river offshoots
but hey the tanners are making bank tho
thats a typo
10-&gt;45
40-&gt;45, 10-&gt;13, 10-&gt;18, 50-&gt;70, 25-&gt;36
those are normal price. really the govt is just trying to keep the commons from arming themselves
all thats left on the market is at a higher price than the houses/govt are offering
major houses are contracting each other for the stuff too
the government is arming itself and stocking up
most places are out
at least the guild HAS arms and armor
alternatively you could get some materials and have thorvald and apprentices craft 
also part of why riegan is so invested in getting the materials to craft his own
what with all the rioting and dysfunction
prices are actually up all around
45 (hide) + 13(sheild) + 18(shortsword) + (70(heavy) or 36(light))(crossbow) + 4sp/bolt 
...i guess that works?
like robe sleeves
so its resting on the bone
cause theres no flesh
yea but like if they were to wear an armguard itd just dangle there
wont it just dangle
can skeletons wear armor
the mask you posted is like walking around visor down
even the guards you can see their faces through the non-covered parts
so no
youre talking about a full visor down over their eyes 
youd still stand out if you did
like thats just not comfortable
you have to assume that you arent walking with full face helmets tho
fair. looks hella sus tho
are you talking those anime style ones with the hats pulled real low
either
what uniforms cover your face tho
so just do that
also its probably easier to just give whatever you do both weeks at a time
govnt came and took my giants
the government
who they pay
i meant their underlings
so just as a hint penny stole the riegan ledgers once. she knows at least some of their allies
3 days dragonflight ~200 miles
joes gonna be on the road like 2-3 months
btw next session starts the day the temple is finished. so like 2 in game weeks to do whatever your plans are
also yea the cost in the guild comes to 350gp total + whatever penny wants
what is this SJW class
irl or ingame
thats one way of looking at it
and basically handed full control of the guard to them
well...him leaving made the elves a lot less hesitant about hanging and killing
and gave them a place to stay
personally i think lucia has helped the city the most. she actively healed and helped those who were affected by the riots
high rolled like a mf so good call
Brother Velain, Ancients Paladin of Vixendel. Half-elf, 29, with the Lesser Rune of the Wanderer
hes also an experienced priest
i thought about it and making you build a station at the estate was the wrong call
also jett, if you want hanneman to do your rune and mars agrees, theres a station in the thieves guild
also this is how the estate looks now
so like building a tower after having a temple and keep costs 120% the time and money
10% + cost, obv
also time/cost goes up 10% per previous castle level
although now they will have to construct for the new artisans
thats been done a while. you hadnt gotten new farmers for a while
Also they can be applied to the temple and shit. The carpenters have just been gathering lumber for months
Etc
2nd up to 10 for 20
So a first level can manage up to 5 for 10%
Yea. Each laborer is 2% of the artisans efficiency. 
But also rn they're just the artisans. No laborers
And obv they can only work on one new building or upgrade
You can have like 20% time 30% cost tho
It stacks up to 80% time or cost. I nerfed it from both
At this point paying gold to upgrade their shop/quarry and hiring manual labor for them should be enough
But also with 3 masons and 2 carpenters you're at 50% time reduction anyway 
They're guild members they're only loyal to gold 
That's their job
You can start construction on a quarry. The masons will work on it and haul stone until a building project starts
Also if he doesn't pay the petty they aren't obligated to stay
got it
did you guys determine your final plan after i dipped or are you still figuring it out
if you drop money you could hire but yea. itll do for now on the main entrances
yea ik. just trying to say its not thorough protection
and it no longer works once youre a mile away so when you go to the city its still vulnerable
so you cant get all entrances
yea, it just takes 10 minutes each time tho
true. a lot of houses contract or hire academy wizards for that
not eaten
the cook is trapped in a book living out endless deaths
he didnt eat the staff he's taking from the road and nearby farms
?
the artisans turned away then
considering vyrmias doomed the last cook
i still need to know which artisans are hired and if youre picking up cooks/maids/staff
he deadass said "also" and left
he deadass said "also" and left
?
2200
with all the artisans hired youd still have 1862-2562gp each month
no its by vote of the high council and approval of the duke
its just keep levels + tower levels + temple levels + establishment levels
ye
about to be 2
1
eliots gotta fund his slums rebuilding project somehow
oh wait the tax is backwards, its 100 flat -&gt; 225 flat, 200/lvl -&gt; 250/lvl
currently Chad is the frontrunner for new lord captain, though one of the ironflex heirs is in the running, as well as a third minor noble few know at the far back
to 400 + 125* castle level
and to fund some of eliot's new projects, he raises the flat tax on nobles from 200gp + 100 * castle level
ALSO after 2 days glorfindel resigns as lord captain of the guard, leaving the position open to applicants. the elves stay loyal to the city and will follow whoever the new lord captain is
seeing as they have no laborers
lumber is handled by the carpenters but theres not enough of them to fuel construction of a whole temple/tower/etc 
or construct a quarry nearby for stone
you would need to own a mine
while masons help build improvements faster
well tailors and masons wont make you direct money but the tailor shop benefits your charisma and image
also theyre open to being hired as regular house staff
Thorvald (5th level smith, 3rd level shop) - 45gp salary
tailor(2nd level) - 35gp
3 masons(1st level) 25gp/each
thorvald's apprentices(.5th level smiths, 8 total) - 12gp/each
alchemist(2nd level) 60gp
here, what about the total list of skilled faithful and you decide whos getting kept and whos free to just join the town that lucia started
though that is just for whoever the tailor is currently tailoring for
The Tailor
A tailor’s job is literally to make you look good. They are experts in fashion and keep up to date on all the latest trends, not just in clothing but also style and taste and manners.
Having a tailor in your retinue means you not only look good, but you also know how to act, know better how to create the reactions you’re looking for in your allies and your enemies. Subtle changes to appearance and behavior act as a force multiplier for your natu- ral charisma.
Not every regent yearns for a good tailor. The bar- barian considers such finery a sign of the corrupt and decadent cancer men call civilization. But many rulers consider a good tailor a necessity.
THE TAILOR’S SHOP: With a tailor in your retinue, you can, as a reaction, replace the result of any Charis- ma-based skill check with a 12 (before adding bonuses). This can be done a number of times equal to your tai- lor’s shop level after which you must take an extended rest to refresh this ability.
also a tailor is in the faithful if you want to hire him
also his pay is 45gp
he just requires money to upgrade and rebuild his shop but has the training
hes 3rd level, would be 5th but hes lost a lot of tools to confiscation
thorvald black joins as a smith
around 80 in all
theres 40 of them along with some of their families
anyway. Fina's faithful set up outside the estate as well
e.g. 1lb of platinum into 1lb of infernal steel
weight in platinum
also for the community of fina's faithful they set up outside the estate
A smith artisan of 5th level is required to work exotic metals. Miner artisans of 4th level or higher will occasionally unearth cold iron, pure silver, and Shadowfell lead. Infernal steel, ignan brass, and harmonic copper can be conjured in a tower of at least 2nd level through a ritual that requires platinum equal in weight to the metal conjured and an Extended Rest's worth of time.
cold iron can be found with just a decent miner artisan 
you fucks
we always do 7
youre all zoomers
some time next week. i gotta schedule it
i got the 3rd round interview at 2 places
ok i didnt fuck up as hard as i thought
and starts planting weird plants in the greenhouse
and i was gonna say nah, he just comes in and seals off a wing of the keep as his own
i thought you were talking about the weird dude
do an intro
oh yea
hes not a pc hes an ally who does his own thing
..
his name is Vyrmias and he's not a warlock
he makes no move to repair it, just waiting on you to accept his offer as he stands rigid
when you ask him that he snarls a little and the floor groans beneath him as he stares down at you
also the fact he wears an excessive amount of jewelry
the pointy teeth and creepy eyes are the .5 reduction
he's tall and slender with flawless tan skin and extremely defined muscles so like a 9.5
are you going to make him. after he does so he stares expectantly into everyone's eyes while they decide. his smile is pulled halfway back, showing off pointed teeth wet with green liquid
and you cant give him orders, only suggestions
unlike them he has no "salary" beyond his demands and whatever he keeps from his work
like the soldiers, you can choose to take him in or not
He makes this final point by raising his wine glass as a toast, though it sizzles and dissolves into a vile puddle that quickly mars the keep floor
well you'll see. this time, it seems that your deeds and rapid rise in house and income have attracted an...interesting specimen. A slender, elven looking man saunters into the estate one day. His hair is strikingly green, as are the dozens of emeralds he wears as rings, necklaces, bracelets, etc. Even his robe is a toxic green, lighter on the front and studded with hundreds of small jade stones. His gaze and smiling are unsettling, due to the fact his eyes track you like a predator without ever averting. He proposes an alliance with you. Not as your servant, of course, but as a partner of sorts. He will entertain no orders from you but will help your house at his convenience and desire. In return he will be given a wing of your estate or some other lair to be his and only his. You are to protect him from the guard or any others who come knocking. He promises that this exchange is fair and that you would rather him be an ally than a foe.
this time though with a 96 its a special ally instead of a follower
well you turned down the soldiers last time
which is insane
also i rolled a 96 for the attracted allies
but also for things where there's no defined success/fail it counts as a failed roll
yes, it does mean any roll, including things like loot table even though i dont really roll those
Lautrec - Greater Rune of the Fated - You can gain or give (as a reaction) advantage on ANY roll of your choice once per long rest. If you fail the roll with the advantage or give it away, you lose this feature for 2 weeks. Innate: You re-roll critical misses when attacking and strange things occasionally happen around you. 
the process is extremely painful for lautrec, the energy of his rune clashing with his artificially implanted one and causing a searing pain. He takes 49 damage as the rune burns through the skin on his left shoulder, revealing the Ancient Words - "Chosen" and "Fateful". Through the haze of pain, as his vision blackens around the edges, he sees a goddess in chains bound to a bone-white tree with wilting starlight leaves. Her body leaks golden ichor from a cross pattern of wounds. Countless other blurred figures dangle in their own chains from this tree but only 2 others are clear. One, a regal looking man with marble skin marred with black veins, his limp body swinging freely. The other, a serpent headed monster who wanders the base of the tree, keys of living flesh dangling from his belt. In his hands he holds a strange hooked spear which he gleefully carves at the dangling prisoners with. As the vision fades, the wounded goddess's eye creeps open and stares into Lautrec. The vision fades as the serpent-man slithers up to her, jaw unhinging and revealing an endless toothed void
lemme do that rq
also i keep forgetting to roll for allies/followers on level up
lmk if you pay him
aight. then for 300g aqium hanneman will do your rune
also lautrec has 1 lesser rune right. or 2
you got 300g?
It's a good distraction for me anyway
In that case let's do Friday. There'll only be 1 week of downtime but still lmk what gets done and what wants to be done during session
So that's a yea. I assume
Aight. Just jett left I think
Today was my last interview
Nah I'm done with rl stuff but unless everyone's gonna be there I don't want to cram
Yea unless everyone's free
so it totals roughly 250
but also aqium offers a discount
 so thats another 200
you have to be an initiate at the academy tho
yes
tru
rant over. thanks for coming to my tedx talk
and only lucia is at cap
if you arent at rune cap yet then youre basically choosing to miss 2-3 items
like theres even a course at the academy to teach you to craft them
also the thing about magic items in this campaign is go get them yourself. get your rune, go to the black market and shit, do smth far beyond the expected. its not like 250gp is a ton either
also that whole argument about iago and should he have died or is inting ok drained the fuck out of me
rn tho i just want to die
ugh idk. i should be done with everything stressful by tonight but if not everyone can do friday i dont want to cram anyway
actually im kinda stressed rn and idk if ill have anything by friday. hows everyone for next week
xd
being employed is overrated
i fucked it anyway
also im done with my interview and shit so i can do down week stuff now
i assume 1 is jett
who hasnt answered yet
Auto chess was the best iteration. Change my mind 
in person gay
patch hit today
yea
and thought "this is just flipping coins"
saw theres no economy
nah i read their description
theres literally no econ
autobattler hs is terrible
still missing 2 of you hoes
3 responses, 2 yes and 1 gay
ik we had a mini session last week
also can everyone do friday
or if you cant theres some way to hack it
pretty sure you can
otherwise its too weird
ye. id only do the face cam thing if everyone did
yea same
its still weird cause the angles are never flattering
i guess. skype just goes into a corner tho and it shows just the one face of whoevers talking
i can just make them invisible tho
also mars fuck you theres so many tabs because otherwise i gotta remember it all
dude even i just go find the handout when its needed i dont keep them open
they only take up a tiny amount of space
you know you can double click to minimize the sheets right
i only have so much screen space
i use my laptop now so its possible but also where would the cams even go
lmao thats cause my pc doesnt have a cam
physcial stuff looks scuffed
digital stuff looks nice
and 1 normal set from amazon
1 bronze set from christina
1 lapis lazuli set from christina
1 diablo set from blizzcon
i have 4 sets
thats too much fiending
but i cant order a set on the internet
yea its fucking retarded. I can bring some in literally in my bag through the airport
so good job by the feds there
which is apparently illegal in california even though i have some in my room
cause its mammoth ivory
the only set i want is hella illegal
maybe. I haven't found any quite as good for cheaper though
ive definitely wasted more on dumber shit
or a nice thing you want
you can either have money which is just numbers on your screen
idk. how else are you going to look at it
this is therefore a good deal
is many hours
making a dice set
50 bucks is like 45 minutes of work
think of it this way
50 for dice sets is fine
but realistically imma get like 4 of these
i really want to get 20 sets for the black prismatic one
but cant commit violence against a midget
you can use it to stab a dude in your apartment
if lucia dies im giving you the rune of the clown next
Actually should there be an order for dex focused ppl. Like the jin empire embassy monastery for rogue ranger monk 
Monk gay weeb 
Monk too 
Am I still missing smth
Oh right rogues to the Emerald hand too 
Cleric druid to the church
Wizard sorc bard Warlock to the academy
Fighter Paladin barb ranger go to Emerald hand
Yea that's exactly what I've said
If you want smth like the observant feat it's still the academy
Yea so like if you want the idk heavy armor master feat then go to the Emerald hand
Also wtf insurance money
Anyway, lunatics. If you want martial feats, saves, athletics/acrobatics, or martial class enhancement or replacement you can get in good with the Emerald hand
its a new boss situation, you don't want to rock the boat right away
like he just barely lived and they were explicitly trying to not break their commander's policy in the first few days
well yea. but thats character-common sense
and not take as many chances with subduing
maybe the next time the guards are attacked theyll remember there was a previous attack
i mean its not like every situation will play out the same
idk man
though i guess removing a hand or smth wouldve been fair
there was no real concept of prison as a sentence, your sentence was torture, execution, or a fine
and demand blood money
in medieval times they would just knock you out and beat you up
in seriousness though guards dont just go for the kill
hes actually black in game
shit youre right
l m a o
but if they can bring you down easy theyre not gonna go right to shooting
if you actually threaten them theyll just gat your ass
yea but thats kind of like cops irl
plus it felt dumb killing him there. he only took like 1 turn
tbf he was one down away
then nobody wants to int
what if you die and lose a level
the boring kind where you slap someone to death in a basement
you gotta ask yourself is murder worth the forms you have to fill
paperwork is a bitch
6v1 really never goes well
i mean it was kind of a bool move
and roll colossus slayer
yea they also forgot to hunters mark you
but that doesnt matter
and nature casters like druid/ranger
for martial characters
just not runes
anyway theres a new order in town, the Knights of Valair. the people who beat the shit out of Iago. like the academy they can train skills/feats/alternate class features etc
wizard didnt get SHIT
except wizard
its straight up buffs to everyone
cause you can cantrip bitches. more useful for paladins than rangers but still
new fighting styles make half-caster paladin/ranger better too
cause theyre no longer the only versatile option
well it makes prepared spell casters less op
but its definitely closer to equal
and has a more limited spell list
sorc takes some time
not really better. wizard can be fully swapped in a day 
at that point their big weakness is pretty dealt with
but who wouldn't take straight up buffs like switching a sorc spell on long rest
the replacements are a good choice
i like most of the changes as like earned buffs rather than straight improvements
yes boomer
instead of giving that shit out
anyway, if you guys want to use it i was thinking making an academy class to enhance/replace a class feature
fucking weebs get oiut
did you guys see this
yea. still sucks
f
1 is phone screen, 3 is onsite
round 2 is the technical interview
kms
i fucking bombed amazon's part 2 
City Stability: 67% (65%)
Commoner Satisfaction - 32% (30%)
Religious Unity - 85% (82%)
Economic Status - 68% (65%)
Kingdom pressure - Low
Fear - 30% (25%)

everything improved somewhat with the return of the guard captain and his new soldiers, except for fear. Apparently multiple copycat killers following the MO of the Pale Assassin are striking in the slums. If they follow the assassin's pattern, the nobles are next
i dont remember what was asked tho
i can do everyone elses rq
he just turned people into trees
so itd just be drawn in
im down for anything i just didnt prep any combats and shit
league then
so what
get on parsa
actually you have risk or rain too
yea ik im seeing what mars and milo wanna do
its a hellhole
australia isnt really an island either
i vote league kap
league. risk of rain. dnd
so whats it gonna be
gay
thats
: )
xd
or we could play league
same tbh
or you could all get risk of rain and we do that
so do you guys want to do a mini session or nah
but im staying
i thought id be going home today which is why i was gonna skip the week
im down
if like 3 of you want to do some mini mission or smth tho
not unless everyone agrees in the next hour
You're dead
Cause if you fall that far
You know. Enough that youre for sure dead 
Or like the 150d10 terminal velocity cap
No fall damage cap and d10 is my idea of realism
Instead of be a slave
Then they'll wasn't to commit suicide 
Geas people
theyre going to be hung off the side of Silver Bridge about 100ft below it
yea so you know how Silver Bridge hangs above the Citadel
just get on and roll shit
because theres an easy way to determine the winner
2
so instead of speculating you guys should talk about what you did so you can figure out what to do for down week 
as it lighting smites people
lucia has a great chance too considering she can run around and sacred weapon or smth for a minute
with 3d6 sneak attack + 3d6 lightning
you only need like 2 hits
it comes down to if the save lands or not
advantage and 3d6 every hit for a minute
it makes him really strong 1v1
he does have the cloak of champions
if at this very moment you flooded the city with drugs
youd end up the lords of a ruin
like you could but it wont really help city stability or the economy
that was meant somewhat sarcastically
or you could sell drugs
the week passes, as predicted property prices drop and houses hold auctions of art and other finery to liquidate assets. The government announces that the Church of Seiros will take over hospital services in the outer ring of the city and that gambling is now illegal. Glorfindel Al-Aecaryn returns from silverpine and takes over the city watch, he brings with him hundreds of Elven soldiers to help with the task and hires many of the jobless peasantry. Taxes are increased to pay for the increased stability. All with income over 1000gp each month are subject to a 10% tax in additional to the tax on estates starting the month of May.
the week passes, as predicted property prices drop and houses hold auctions of art and other finery to liquidate assets. The government announces that the Church of Seiros will take over hospital services in the outer ring of the city and that gambling is now illegal. Glorfindel Al-Aecaryn returns from silverpine and takes over the city watch, he brings with him hundreds of Elven soldiers to help with the task and hires many of the jobless peasantry. Taxes are increased to pay for the increased stability. All with income over 1000gp each month are subject to a 10% tax in additional to the tax on estates starting the month of May.
this is before witholdings are a thing so you collect all the money as usual then have to pay tax on it
its on you to pay the taxes on your income
welcome to socialism
in his defense, the tax was proposed by the Lord Marshal of Trade and Commerce, seeing as the instability is bad for business
thorvald is spending his week looking for the escaped citadel faithful
So you can't spew heresy to onlookers
The punishment for heresy is death by exposure with your tongue removed beforehand
The convoy will be public cause it doesn't have to leave the city
They're going from the cathedral to the bridge to be hung from cages with their tongues cut out 
He spent his week snooping around
And then arthas got his ass clapped too 
Because they got 99% damage reduction. Huge hp regen and like 900% damage buff 
Like when the paladins fell back to the church and stopped getting rolled by unread
Like lights hope chapel did
I didn't say bless the spell  specifically I said the church has a mythal like enchantment on all the devout within
the basement to the church is basically a miniature divine mythal
if anyone could just magic in they wouldnt have a very nice collection
again its the most sacred objects collected over a thousand years
assuming the economy recovers
and once theyre up and running probably some good money
theyre not your workers but its readily available manual labor and churchgoers
and now like 100 of them whos houses burned down started a village by the estate
so he converted a fuckton of people
btw i rolled double nat20s on milos checks
and gathering goodwill for the church
also lmk what youre doing. so far i just got lucia helping pacify the peasants
yea everyones 7
go for it
a fun session of beating each other up seems like how most religious disputes end up being settled anyway
so this month was 1450*0.68 so 986
i put an economic status multiplier on the big city map so you can see. its down to 34% from 50%. 50% being standard and full income
btw the house got paid for the month. but monthly income was down this time due to civil unrest
yea idk you only told their leader to kys
yea. for now its just an ad for "stolen official documents, the nature of which is known to the ones in possession." offering a reward and immunity for their return
knowing that the city and the entire duchy is under her demesne 
also for milo and jett their plan for next session is break the other fina worshippers out of the church
yea
your standard prison experience 
you know just some minor broken limbs and removed tongues
and prisoners arent exactly treated great
otherwise its compromising an official investigation which is a criminal offense
Overall it seems reconciling him and the church has somewhat stabilized the city
hes going to want his case materials back
also, William Grey was reinstated as Lord Inspector on the High council after a plea on his behalf by the church
gather everyone back
thats what thorvald was trying to do
aight
and pay the blood-money to free dozens of arrested citizens
Hresvelg staff as well go out and help the people rebuild their burned cities
btw the day after the citadel is hit, the martial law ends as the duke decides to protect government buildings instead. The priests of seiros go out into the street instead to preach peace and stability, calming the city
But shes also responsible for dozens of murders
: )
remember shit next time fucko
no
a normal cleric is already mighty on holy ground but shes the Archbishop and on the very center of their faith
considering as THE cleric of the city and the religion overall she is pretty much invincible on the most sacred ground
she told you explicitly she would be saved
and the saints intervened to save her
Also that Syvani, the one who hired everyone is using slaves to fuel experiments into constructing Celestials which is something the church is VERY interested in
she openly invited the Miracle to smite her
but mars completed the job, got the house and a rune
which drew the Archbishop in to the citadel where parsa berated her and made a lifelong enemy
Lautrec pled to Fina for aid and was sent the archangel Authority who saved the worshippers from certain death
TLDR - broke in, found out that the guy they wanted to kill has an open investigation into the Riegans for conspiracy
if youre on before me ill give you inspiration or smth idk
finishing an email
im gonna be like 5 minutes late
yup
we always do 7
fr tho 7
3
7
normies get out REeeeee
filthy mobile casual
afaik
yes
which team was lucia going to help
also im still down to run friday if you guys are
can i get an autograph
the ninth person to still have HoTS installed
you all good?
btw were running this friday barring me getting an interview or smth
true. researchers occasionally bring carts of material in
one to an exit room in the city
one entrance room within the citadel
the way it works is its keyed to two circles
even certain academy researchers
other officials will as well
every Eye has a keystone linked to one
and damage the cargo
ships are expensive af
one capable of carrying a cart and still sail the Divide without breaking yes
but more importantly theres large cargo to be moved off the island
i guess you can naruto run tho
its like putting your hand on the surface of boiling water. wont melt you instantly but it wont feel good
no but its still hot enough to hurt
the spell specifies lava
you still take heat damage from being in direct contact with boiling water
its not like he knows everything everyone is capable of
aight but you should all come up with parts to play in utility too
or sail in/out or teleport
200ft drop from bridge
the problems are: have to get in and out
i think hes mostly trying to come up with the plan before dividing teams
you pasted twice
but ill make it visible to all
i made a sheet for the target for mars
hes old school and a little extreme
anyway they also know the official's MO is usually strike and confiscate-&gt;build up a case-&gt;arrest the perpetrator-&gt;hang their family
like 15ft+ 
not necessarily, its not too heavy for a medium sized boat
yea
in an evidence room while they build a case
historically his strike team keeps it in their little area of the citadel
take them or no. up to you to like vote or just take morozov's decision or whatever
71 people total, 50 infantry 20 archers 1 captain
will go down with a smith and more keep levels etc. 
-10% for a level 1 keep
itemized to 200gp x 2 + 320gp for the battalions and 15gp for the officer's salary
itemized to 200gp x 2 + 320gp for the battalions and 15gp for the officer's salary
two batallions of regular light infantry and one of regular medium archers show up at the keep after hearing about your defeat of the Dread Knight and Charskull Orcs. They're lead by the captain you met in Orcwatch tower and willing to join you if you pay their upkeep and salaries
actually i feel bad so ill let you guys decide
real unlucky
i realize i fucked up and didnt roll for new followers/allies at the milestones
although now that i brought up retainers and shit
also
etc
hold meetings or one on one
and also your strategy for recruiting them. disguise and sneak among them
aight. fair enough. give me the big details in the contract like is there some amount of time they need to work in order to be considered owners of the land and free men
a collection of art, a fine garden, etc. all make it so other nobles are more likely to come to you with deals or accept your offers
banners and house guards go a long way to showing the others you are back in business and worth dealing with
a coat of arms legitimizes the house, especially because it distances it from the previous failed lord
also as far as livery goes its not a bad idea
or more skewed 
so they own the land but pay you a tax on it 
did you have anything else you wanted to do
skeevy pigshit guy tried to coerce me into a sketchy estate
its true
also i still want an answer what he can offer farm laborers to convince them
so what are you giving them thats incentive enough to give that all up and risk arrest for reneging on debt
ok so what can you offer them that would make them leave their lord. most of them are indebted and have been with their master for ages. they know the land and have families
Sure. Farm laborers or city laborers
what will he do during session then
i meant for noxalas too
so then whats the play if noxalas wont help out
if you think about it this is similar. pennys gonna kill that dude regardless
thats was just a man killing a dude he didn't like
and one a lot less justifiable if you think about it
yea...but in that case you were still an accomplice to murder
so you do know that
mars told you earlier hes holding some of a prominent church member's goods hostage
considering hes stolen goods and held them for ransom
well from what you know this is justifiable
except noxalas?
just that i think so far everyone is down for heist next time
the stuff to do doesnt need to be job related it can still be like finding an artisan or attending a class
No I thought that was session plans. This is like what're you doing leading up to the mission
ill try to have it sorted by sunday
if you have any in character business for inbetween week 2 lmk
If that's going to help clear your conscience
She's a known church affiliate
boomer apm
And empowers corrupt or dead gods 
So all other worship is directly traitorous
So the church's stance is because all other deities were devoured and corrupted, none of them can be trusted to help mortals. Only the saints remained pure until their passing. But if enough people worship them then they may return 
It was closer to divine perfection and harmony than reality
Like there was no concept of age, deceit, ignorance, etc
Real historians also don't operate on a world so devastated and ruined that what it was like before is unfathomable
By an Eldrich god
In reality they're probably just the same people but better by virtue of being forced to be
But also nobody in character knows they're the same people. In character all you know is they're the saints who saved the world
Only carius is the same person
And intent only on revenge and spreading wildfire
Vix was also genocidal
Yea obv 
So I have just jett on repair. Milo on academy research
real smithing hours
tracking the guy and talking about the job
that could be your week 
ok so i have the following:
noxalas - academy
lautrec - finding a covenant of the faithful
penny - finding smith
lucia/mikhail - helping with estate construction 
i think like wednesday/sunday will be week-advancements. so whatever wants to get done will be gathered then and otherwise the character will just idle and help improve the estate
so noxalas wants to go to the academy, you two want to find smiths and mercs
yea be careful not to burn yourself at the cornballer
who knows
weird dude
on the posting board
its the property description
new properties^
Allbright's Apothecary - A merchant stall selling rare herbs and seeds. Nets 400-1200gp a month depending on sales, costs between 500-1000gp to run.

The Good Place - An upscale inn just outside the inner city that services visiting merchants, nobles, scholars, etc. Comes with a penthouse containing an alchemist's table and anti-magic wards. 

Grandfather's House - "Norman, at your service. Looking to give my grandfather's house away to anyone who will do me a small favor. Its been forever since the man passed and my dear mother no longer wants to live in the place, seeing as her son is turning 10 and needs to be closer to the school. She wants a favor before she leaves though. A special delivery of tea came down along with some vacation letters from an uncle, real strange ones. Check up him will you, his birthday is coming up. Make sure he knows mother got the delivery and is doing fine. He loves surprises, especially around his birthday. Signed, Norman Grey ♠"

The Cornballer - A small smithy known for forging Ignan Brass. It ran into hard times during the riots and is in dire need of repair and new management.
academy shit^
Awakening - 250gp, Novice+
Inscription - 500gp/lesser, 1500gp/greater, 4000gp/metallic, Novice/Apprentice/Adept+
Removal - 3x inscription price, Apprentice/Adept/Expert+
Skill proficiency training - 300gp per 3 month course. Limit 2 extra proficiency before needing to trade proficiency out. Need a DC 17 skill check to pass Apprentice+
Expertise training - 1500gp per 3 month course. Limit of 1 expertise before needing to trade out. Must succeed DC 20 skill check to pass. Adept+
Alchemist training - 600gp per 3 month course. Repeatable (1st time - proficiency, 2nd - expertise, 3+ - +2 to checks). Must succeed a DC 12+(5*times taken) skill check to pass. Apprentice +
Enchanter's Training  - 1500gp per 3 month course. Repeatable, each time passed reduces time and cost of magic item crafting by 10% (100-&gt;90-&gt;81-&gt;etc). Must succeed DC 12+(5*times taken) arcana check to pass
Save proficiency training - 15000gp, 6 month course. Max of 1 additional save proficiency that can be traded out. Expert+
Armor/Weapon training outsourced from the enforcers - 1500gp, 3 month course
Feat training - "Academic" feats can be trained for 10000gp, 3 month course. Max of 2. Expert+
i was gonna do a hiring sheet but keeping track of staff names is gay so a free week can just be searching for a specific artisan and level
the updated properties list is up along with the academy services so thats extra shit to do with free time and free money
aight
so that 3 for, assuming miles's response was for it
much less 5 independent contractors
meeting every day is too much even for like a big company
yea pretty much my thoughts
to spend time making deals and other shit between big operations
but when it leaves off in the estate it makes sense
yea no idle weeks outside the city
but yea i want time to pass quicker is the tldr
unless the consensus vote is everyone waits on a specific date and session starts on that one
by choosing itll be you can like answer quickly and shit and get 4-5 weeks of stuff done between sessions but also if someone doesnt choose then i guess halfway between sessions ill count them as idling that week with minor stuff like house repair or smth so that way at least 2 weeks is done
what idle pass 2 weeks or choose what to do for a week
btw do you guys also feel campaign time is kind of slow. like the temple is still under construction 7 ish sessions in. I was thinking we could pass "idle time" or smth over chat. like between sessions everyone can just say what they do during the next in game week. e.g. look for a buyer or seller of magic items, gather espionage, hire a dude, class at the academy, etc. stuff that doesn't need more than like roll or two. then whenever everyone has picked their thing the week passes and redo. Sessions would then be like big jobs or fights and shit without the day-to-day city stuff we've been doing. lmk if you guys are down or not. if its too much to do then ill just pass 2 weeks between sessions and come up with some small shit that got done
like miles's picture is just "MO"
nah i see just first initial-last initial photos now
what happened to everyones profile pictures
what happened to everyones profile pictures
so actually this weekend is fall break so im going camping with connor, his gf, and christina. We'll do main session in 2 weeks like usual
bitch
its smorc time
its smorc time
aight
Are you really out here worshipping a cow
norse close 2nd
best mythos is greek or egyptian
I made a handout for the late morozov greenhouse with a few plants kept in his journal i.e. How they look, what they do, what's needed to grow them. Including the fading lily. For the future when alchemists and potions and shit become a concern
fantasy roofies
maybe you guys can grow them in the greenhouse or smth once you get an alchemist and repair the place
ill figure a good "forgotten place" for them to grow
great flavor and effect
i really like it
blizzard bows to winnie the pooh
honestly tho
i tried but the seats were out
Aight
?
In that case let's do main this week and mini or skip next one
Mini session or main without them
If you can what do you want if not everyone can. 
Can you guys do this week
xd
i didnt have it done last time
this is the village
Devils are iffy. Asmodeus defended himself successfully in court against angels
Demons are straight evil tho
Technically he's fiend which could be either demon or devil
They ensnare souls but only to fight the demons
Devils are also not necessarily evil
Because the answer is no if you're the last one
Or just a dick
Are you Kantian. Objectivist. Etc
Depends on your school of ethical thought
and then your boy varguk claps you
whos infested with evil spirits
thats probably very fair. his description is just ghorza telling you hes a piece of shit
who wouldve thought
loyalty only costs one dire wolf cloak
youre rolling up with him. guldan wont like that
fr tho idk how you guys are gonna make peace with guldan when hes meeting varguk after school in the parking lot
demon cummies
you guys are gonna be offered hella demon blood
Yea karthurg is actually guldan in disguise
youd have to ask them
and the warchief's maul
at least one of them crafted a magic mace
and youve seen the elementals and varguk fuck up elite drow
youve seen the city guard fight
is it tho
Man I thought everyone liked them
sounds like a good plan
to what they are now
and in that time they went from not able to fight 
its only been 400 years since humans took the valley
they hadnt fought since the world ended
they were literally living in a divine bubble until humans came
They were once cultured as fuck
They were once cultured as fuck
Did anyone read the orcs handout 
they made elf fucker
there are definitely orc smiths and craftsmen
training or learning their shit or smth
so anyway. if not everyone can make this week im down to run a mini session with the orcs
otherwise youd have straight trespassed on them
on the bright side you made friends through drow smashing
twice
mars you got knocked out
which is what i mean by parsa almost saved it by recognizing the illusion
and each side was a bunch of weak drow and a warrior
cause they cant see each other through darkness
it wouldve been an easy fight taking out group by group
well you were fucked once they got the drop on you
that just rush
than the dumb ones
intelligent enemies are way more fun
and a priestess ready to spare the dying so they could capture slaves
but the drow know that cause theyre elves so they had warriors on the hills ready to impede any melee rush
and the base drow are terrible in melee and squishy but really dangerous archers
but then they got alerted anyway
parsa was on the right track when healing word did nothing
and barring a fat daylight spell or smth they subdue
or 2 someone chimps and the ambush goes great
and you get the jump on the weak drow before the elite warriors get in interception position
so the way i saw it going was either the first lookout low rolls stealth and is passively perceived so you stop him from alerting them to throw up darkness
hes not deaf just blinded by darkness
nah if you got too close to the villager hed call them out
they had no idea you were there other than sound
thats why i put black circles everywhere
the guy on the floor was an illusion
they were all in darkness
tbf tho light is terrible for them
the one who tipped off the ambush survives it
ik i realized that lul
they also got a mace called elfmasher 
not a suicide mission
well yea its a coming of age challenge
many times
you were warned
i dont feel bad tho
or got its surge back
it rolled badly too. never gave you the omega shock
to count as victorious
and either had to make the saves or be rescued
yea they both went unconscious in the eye of the storm
so they were given the cloak of champions from the orcs
and lucia and redpenny chose the strongest, the storm elemental, and managed to subdue it through learning its lessons
so they went to investigate the missing shipment but someone tripped a drow ambush
lautrec and noxalas killed the stone elemental
and so the battle with elementals was 2v1 and they either kill them or subdue
and if they succeed the orcs will help them attack the humans and retrieve the shipment
so they had to fight elementals to join the tribe and then next time theyre to fight this other tribe in a skirmish for territory
then they joined up with the tribe who told them the humans retreated to the hidden vale with the shipment and their treaty protects humans not in the mountains
where they were rescued by orcs slamming the shit out of the drow
they all fell unconscious and woke in a cavern
oh yea jett did anyone give you a summary of what happened
enough guards have fought them before to recognize their elementals
they should look for orcs
they know that if an elemental is summoned in their house and wrecks shit
the thing is the riegans arent dumb
xd
then just have a hole in your symbol
or use the bead to summon an elemental
and cause a major explosion with possible holy energy
yours is fused but you can still shatter it
in those beads
you kind of have an elemental in a bottle
dergs ghost gon fuck you up
derg is insulted by this
i like the smorcs
We can do some shit with smorc boys 
There's 2 in game days between where we left and the scheduled brawl
If Milo goes to that thing and you guys are down to still play we can do some other shit
I'd like to do it if everyone can but we don't have to
I mean I'd like to do every friday but officially we agreed every other and side missions if people want on to do off weeks
On r20 when I get there
Inspiration for everyone
Mb
5 minutes
Unless I die
I'm on the way home. 15
Poggers
It be like that
Damn
And the pigs will send a full tank on your ass
I’ll just say I saw you selling weed
There’s probably 50 cops a block from you
I don’t need to take you myself
Mars you live in downtown LA
Because I know where you live
Do not disappoint us
You have 5 hours
Tru
Tru
 Assault whoever
As long as you show up
everyone good for friday usual time yea
doubles their income for a year
casting plant growth over a week is good for just base farmers
or ~.79 square miles
in a mile-diameter area
over 8 hours you double the harvest for a year
actually look into the plant growth spell
full three houses mode
wtf did i jsut read
ringleader, same as nathaniel
you know at least a little
and hes still one of the higher ranked members so
well nathaniel talked about him
he edgy
dis him
penny knows the guy kinda
that kind of shit
pay 1k/month for a guild assassin
they bought some relics and shit
when the morozovs started dissolving
they started getting fat payments ~50k/month from the Hresvelgs about 5 years ago
oh right so for who wasnt there for the ledger reading more highlights are
and lands
and the rest is mostly from other stolen mines and craftsmen
taken from the late morozov
15k of that is from an unnamed gold mine
actually they have his ledgers
bring down a man making 50k gp every month
and have to sell his shops and fire people and shit
he just needs money to not go broke
nah either one
just to stay afloat
both options tho you need to complete within a month or loren will have to sell the rights to the big shipment to the reigans
option 1: mysterious disappearances during the end of the month/new moon
option 2: fucking riegans being a dick
1-0 for option 2
since i assumed youd answer that
is the tldr
while option 1 is likely on the regular route
its worth way more but could be anywhere in the mountains
2: the special shipment disappeared and Riegan paid 4k gp to a group of guild mercs
option 1: the regular shipments are disappearing the last week of each month but according to Riegan's ledgers its not his doing
did everyone read the caravan disappearance info and pick which lead to pursue
its there
so if you want to read about penny's boss
also i updated Nathaniel Hagan's description since hes more than just a background character now
but if everyones good with that we'll do 7 this week
i think so too but jett missing half of each session also sucks
7 or 8
or tbh we could stay friday 7 but then he misses half each time
but maybe we can do 8-midnight and jetts like ~1hr late
ik parsa cant do like 9-1
he just said later friday
fill it out unless you want to say you literally can only do fridays
and hit next
like you can even just put milo in the name
its just so you can go back and edit it without them needing to store a cookie on your machine
you put a username and login then go straight to the form
you dont make an account
and just say if you prefer times
just fill this out
aight well
whyd you change your availability anyway
what days do you have off then
but maybe we can change the time to 8 or smth
tbh i like fridays
so im pretty out of it
ngl i didnt sleep last night
oh theres a t in that can
not listing friday as a day he can do
i was referring to mars
?
you cant do friday now
legit tho that kinda sucks cause parsa cant go late and you cant start early. anyone have opinions or ideas
tell those bitches off
bruh wtf
also we're on for the usual time next week yea
and Riegan isnt dumb enough to fuck that hard with the guild over 1200gp
cause hes the one technically on it now and also the one collecting the money
For the record, Riegan thinks that Nathaniel robbed his house and forged the deed
oh yea penny now operates a petty of thieves including Cheatin Chip the Mastermind and Vorok the Dull
am i missing anything
-Noxalas wins Nathaniel's approval
-More info about the orcs are found. Riegan paid for a hit on the expensive shipment but IS NOT responsible for the first 6 months of lost spices
-A sketchy murderer is killing Loren servants with coins
This week on Gestalt Timeshare Inc:
-Noxalas literally kills a guy with the quality of his performance
-House Riegan is robbed of their ledger, two books, and the deed to a butcher shop
-Penny makes a deal with Nathaniel where he takes credit for stealing the deed and collects the money from the shop but gives it to Penny
-Penny is promoted to Operative
-Noxalas knocks Miren Riegan the fuck out
So at 720
Yea Christina has work cause apparently not everyone works at my speed 
Aight
Milo are you coming
also i have my machine learning lab meeting over skype until 720 so ill start right after
yea. if milo doesnt we can do sidequesty stuff
but i also dont have shit friday so im kinda just down anyway
3 is iffy
idk. if its 4 idc
im down for 3 even if milo doesnt join
Puke 
Danesh
Sounds like traitor speak
Traitor
damn. gz and rip
the no answer = yes method is great
but also everyones good
but yes everyones gay
parsa just loves the edge emoji
kap
no answer = yes
for the record you a bitch
also im taking the fact nobody said they cant as everyone can
druid builds spd cdmg def
btw im good friday if you all are. finished everything over the weekend so we can campaign or hang out or smth
cause the fel wears off when mannodad dies
then you just drank demon jizz for nothing
thems the rules
nah drink it or fight the demon boss
you seem like the people who would drink the demon blood
you lose inspiration for that
who the fuck uses left shift
like my left shift is fucking useless so id rebind that one
bind the shift key you dont use to p
Just to fuck with you
I'm gonna make fel orcs 
also a logistical thing, each caravan is 4 wagons with 2 horses each. 12 house staff, and ~20-30 mercs
nobody was found from the storm ettarel caravan
they know that for the giant's pass attacks
that kinda thing
a few charred
arrows, cuts, bludgeonings
youd have to go and check it out. mostly they turn up the regular killed
animals
mercs
staff
the caravans are plundered and slaughtered
i shouldve specified theyre the ones turning up dead
and the rest in the giant's pass
 theres a big valuable shipment lost in a different area
read it carefully
just lmk if you wouldve asked the butler more stuff
i made this handout for the info you got from the butler regarding the shipments
Yea just like lautrec the monk in his scuffed lead plate
It's just a particularly large great sword tho
You can call it the cleaver of souls if you want
No the sword was a regular weapon once he faded 
No the sword was a regular weapon once he faded 
Idk
Or swindle someone out of their property 
Something bigger than the day to day stuff. Come up with a grand heist or commit insurance fraud like the riegans
Yea
Can look through handouts for leads or just come up with any plan and run it down
I want to go back to the first session type thing where you come up with a plan and we hack it as we go. For next session just talk to each other and make some plans like the first time and we'll run with that I think
77777
7
Me lizard assassin
Jett just show up asap. Should only be an hour late because we dick around at the start usually
Jett just show up asap. Should only be an hour late because we dick around at the start usually
speak now or forever hold your peace
ok it is decided
for that rhyme
aight 7 it is
Late start or late jett
Ok but pick an option
Worse case you can't get any more fucked than pizza
It'll save you
When it onsets
I'll leave you with four red bulls to stave off the autism
If we start later we can get dinner too I guess
So like do we start 7 then and he joins in halfway or start 9 and go later than usual
Connot lul
No regrets
It was great we went with connot and Emily to the hot tub instead
Than hanging with my gf
Which I realized is just less fun
Yea that was league
Idc about staying up but Milo gets all retarded
This isn't a regular thing right
Everyone's good Friday 6 right
we go next
fuck this week
aight
so parsa can you make it or no
do next week as the original plan was to anyway
if hes out im down to skip this week
im waiting to see if parsas in or out
Well I'll prepare anyway. If not then next week
my personal minimum is 3 so im good if its just jett that cant
afaik everyone else said theyre good
fuck u bud
everyone else ok?
hmm. guess we'll see then
do you have a move in date
so im not busy this week and im feeling running campaign again. you guys up for friday again
-50dkp if late
i actually dont have lab so i can do whenever
7 ye
t o k e n
true
on if mars shows up on time
this is contingent tho 
We'll try
We'll try
You're terrible people
slaves are expensive man. 50-500 depending on quality
trading one eldritch blast hit for temp hp
basically the plan is get rich off legit ventures while also controlling the nobility and thus become duke. ez
rip derg
turned on him and killed him
mars heres what you missed. jett/mikhail wants to run a drug ring to addict and control the city nobles and thus become duke and make tons of money. parsa and miles found an alchemist contact to synthesize the drugs but she wanted powdered tuskaloth tusks first. milo and jett got legitimized at the church of seiros and they agreed to build a temple on the keep grounds if you pay to upkeep it and shit. then they went to hunt tuskaloth, found themselves stalked by an intelligent giant
444444
5
aight. ill see everyone but mars tmrw then. he has been sacrificed for the greater good
plus drink
i think we should do it to introduce characters and npcs and go over rules and shit
yea tbh nothing ever happens session 0 and we'll have mars for friday
yea tbh nothing ever happens session 0 and we'll have mars for friday
but mars read the book already so hes fine
also theres a decent amount of new rules i want to go over 
I wish we had everyone but jets right that we should do in person if we can
redpenny is employee instead of contract work so hr cant get her in until friday
thats aight. this is a weird special session anyway
bitch
The once and only
So camping 5pm tmrw
deal
also how to acquire
im making the rules for exotic metal weapons and masterwork weapons a handout
You ghosted me after I agreed to talk
You never called me bitch
ok
Ok buddy
Uh huh
What if his friends come after you for blood money
Just leave it alone for a bit and it'll kill any bacteria on it
And gold
I think copper does too 
You know silver kills bacteria
What do homeless people do with their money
Jew evil
No Jew 
To get the gold
And now you find yourself working for a destitute but salvageable noble house
For whatever reason you want gold
Exactly
Gold is power
You need worldly desires of either power or gold. But both are intertwined
Take the city
Take revenge on your political enemies
The backstory is you guys joining jets call for aid because it's a chance to gain major money and power
And pitch in individually for castle upgrades
Abd count your own money
Party income is a shared thing unless you guys want to own individual establishments
Using his name and title to make deals and own properties 
Tbf you're more like a collective
Leave him alone
Miles just wants to worship his god 
You also forget miles hasn't agreed to it
For shame
You really turning on jett like that
But technically everyone else is an employee
I'm ok with that too
Rn it's all " your" or blank
Milo tell jett to make his damn character so I can name the estate and shit
Not character just person 
Ferdinand is the best person
Change my mind
Ferdinand is Sylvain with a comb 
I wish seteth yelled bitch I am cichol
Also that paralogue is dank af. The eastern church is there because of Saint cichol
So I spare them
And the relics from their paralogue carried me
Cause seteth is cool
I spared her tho
Flayn is a fish fiend
Left me when I chose edelgard
Weak dragon bitch
Cethleann not thicc
Immaculate one thicc
Nobody has ever liked that
Fucking peasants
Actually imagine not using the creator sword only
And you can never repair it
Zoltan you kill 100%
Gay
Killing edge day
Best sword is the sword of zoltan
Cheaper too 
Iron+ is better than steel even
Broke nigga
Bitch why are you ever using steel
Imagine not having hilda as a dancer xd
She's bitch
It's el
Stop
Bitch no
It's shorter but I feel like the dlc is going to be extending it
Ok real talk edelgard route is the true ending
My favorite is the vizier of the arcadians
Evil gods and devils have clerics too. It's just about domain
You can be a cleric of anyone
Church of seiros - celestial court
Cult of the white king - court of all flesh
Temple of Vixendel - arcadian court
sons of the earth - elemental court/queen of brass
Inquisitors of axiom - followers of the Knights of axiom
Like valor or justice 
Now exists as an agent of the divine
Transcended mortality into divinity
Gemi is after all the celestial ideal of nobility
Temple
You'll need a Tennille
Yea
Like if you follow the celestial court you can call upon justice
You can pick your own court to follow and it's technically possible to summon or call one of them
That's the whole religion
Oh right so the elves Obv worship the arcadians. Nobles mostly worship the celestial court. Slums worship primordius and the court of all flesh. Dwarves worship the elemental court. Peasants mostly follow the Knights of axiom
You never know what's hard for you bools
Or at least can find them
So you know the courts right
Eao passes for civilized
Braccus the abomination of chaos
You get it
Eao one of the court of all flesh
Geralt a knight of axiom
Etc
Gemi is a celestial ideal
Like vix is a saint/duke worshipped to honor the arcadian court
Fr tho I'm using the religions from the strongholds book but mixed with saints
Because vaughan gay
Achieved sainthood in the church of seiros
Gemi vix geralt braccus and eao
Gemi is a member of the celestial court now
Make it to the party and make your characters or you're smooth brain
Big brain
Or just Friday
And then Friday as scheduled
But yea idk I'm down to do labor day or whatever this holiday is
I'm already in class
Xd
See if I can manage once a week or if it kills me
Just the once
But we can do Monday and Friday of week 1 to see
Yea I was thinking we do Friday every 2 weeks
Aight. Is it for the week or the next two weeks
Also jett and miles you still need to join and make characters/ revise backstory
Or Monday
Because party this week. Unless you bools wanna do Sunday hangover 
Camping is next week 
Campaign is camping 
you picked skype lul
of all the filesharing methods
theres a link to it
oh right if anyone couldnt get the file cause mars picked the most cancer way to share it
piracy
pog
Also if you weren't 5 when we left Milos gestalt learning you're 5 now
ill miss you you bastard
rip league
its awful
i cant play league anymore i dont ave ethernet and i dc every 3 seconds for 1
shes the best pegasus
fuck you
shes not that bad
mars do you have ingrid
speedrun best run
but hades usually does it with just her going
and beat most post-timeskip maps in 1 turn
if youre really feeling it you can warp 2 people and stride them both into the enemy commander
they both get it at b
linhardt learning warp is the best thing to ever happen
last run i had byleth doing her job but she outranges and outdamages
broken unit
and her 4 range ass blowing up the commander
also mercedes using stride on lysithea
and gg in 3 turns
stabbing with lance
every fight ends with sylvain dimitri ingrid lorenz riding in
hes just too slow
but i picked casual at the start by accident so now hes benched
i let him die
yea i just use all mounted/mages
but armor knight mv is ass
i feel bad i abandoned dedue
and shamir/catherine
im already at unit cap with students i like
ive never got a support even with either
does anyone even grab her and hanneman
manuela you mean
one of the only who S supports female byleth
dorothea real best girl
fucking bitch plays
imagine not warp+stride oneshotting the commander on every map after timeskip
aneete after skip is best girl
shes thicc
are you even alive
if you wont kill your friends to kill a nonhuman
regardless of how benevolent they are
and idk how to explain to her that anything that isnt human has to die
christina hates edelgard
chadmitri
gz
so i just realized all my assets for making the map for your estate are blue so youre officially the blue lions house
which one has star plat
Also I was going to do milestone but do you guys prefer xp
Can you all see the handouts
The link I sent earlier I think? Idk I didn't do it but mars managed to
Woo!
miss karl marx or missy o'bernie
cause some chaos
maybe even steal his seat
perfect time to rise up
the duke is a child so its a free for all
your estate is the ruins in the top right
yep. this is the city. theres a labelled handout with the numbers explained
yea its just do whatever you want
tldr
to be even richer people
just do rich people shit
peasants come over time etc
this is the place. its currently in ruins and you need to clear space and build up other class buildings on the estate. can also work on recruiting artisans like smiths or masons to make more income
and decide what class domain you want it to be initially. eg monk monastery, ranger lodge, cleric temple, etc
if you need a pdf msg mars
im using the strongholds and followers book for your keep
you just might give parsa terminal aids tho
from any game
you can technically import anyone
apparently you go here to import characters
so yes
its a harbor city
be it with nobles you have grudges against, ties to churches, guilds, etc
so i want everyone to modify their backstory to tie them in somehow
but im putting the story for the city we're starting in under the handouts
you can use the vault to copy characters over
this is the link
so starting next week im gonna run gestalt and milos going to become a player. he cant transfer the current gestalt so im making a new game on r20
i approve of that
Nah miss me with that shit
Oiu oiu baguette
Oiu oiu baguette
I’m home actually. You guys want to risk of rain and talk instead
Do yours
I’m stuck in Canada cause air Canada cancelled my flight so yea
I can make it like ds if you really like making new chars
We can alternate
I can only do sessions every other week so
Nah you'll be fine
So you guys are all 4ish
Well I'm continuing gestalt
But it makes monsters more dangerous too 
Also you only have one reaction so it's not like you can stand in a corridor and counter everyone coming at you
Ofc
Yea no ranged can't counter melee
Fire emblem style
(laugh)
Unless everyone else is opposed to the idea
But it's something Milo and I wanted to try
Yea. If it's too punishing for melee we can go with +2 ac while holding a melee weapon against enemies facing you as a parry
Fire emblem style
Straight continuation but with the additional rule that everyone and everything can use their reaction to counterattack anyone in the range of their weapon and in line of sight that attacks
So I was gonna continue gestalt learning in September if you guys are up for it
thats new
also wtf mars is on r20 on time
your typical christian really
tldr hes a warrior-priest who worships the dead who he believes guides people from the afterlife
i still need to rewrite the rest of caenis's backstory
we on in 10 still
so
aight good cause ngl i dont wanna drive over cause christina is here
oh i thought this was online too
Woo!
and im over the upload quota
well i cant upload anything cause i stopped paying for plus lul
mars do you remember what icon i used for caenis
died
victor
balance omegalul
Welcome!
very cool
ty mars
genius
that sounds
did you say roll dice
does anyone remember how stat buy works
Especially the four elemental masks one 
Setting up mazes with dynamic lighting was aids but I felt like they were really fun
Dungeons are the best dungeons
Gross
cause of the insane cr on every fight
technically if we did exp you guys shouldve been 2-3 higher
idk the battle drones and the qthraa swarms were straight darkest dungeon shit
give me character sheet
still better than battle drones tho
also a lore bard/divination wizard for any magical spell needed for anything and the ability to instant fail your saves
you wouldve liked her
etc
sneak attack
stability of mind for removing all cc
perfect for dumpstering melees with 4 hits and a choice of knockdown, stun, knockback, and disarm on them all
i never got to run this one which was a rogue/monk hybrid
parsa every enemy is better with player levels
Kap
8 so I can run brother caenis
what the fuck kind of conversations are they training the ai with
why is the name we have registered on the skype account not offered as an autoresponse
Everything
also down. i was gonna continue where milo left anyway so we can do smth different until hes done
idc either way. if enough of us want to do next week im good with either
If you want I can run a session next week
Depends on how late Christina wants to stay at universal
I'm good sat but not Fri. Well I think sat anyway
not sure
you guys wanna play risk of rain
Although I probably won't be home until 1130
Nah it's good he got it so we can full stack 
Yea. I just need the mage cause I left right after that first day 
Like 10 or 11 at night
Mars and jett you guys wanna play risk of rain later 
Fucks going on 
Haha, you are welcome
We'll see. I gtg back to Christina's birthday
Yea. If it doesn't then you can just switch to player and it cuts down the stress
Yea. If it doesn't then you can just switch to player and it cuts down the stress
2 weeks and a consistent time instead of fighting to schedule it every time is ok
I don't mind. It's doing it every week that burned me out 
If enough people want to continue I can take over but it'll be every 2 weeks session. Otherwise we can just let it go
If enough people want to continue I can take over but it'll be every 2 weeks session. Otherwise we can just let it go
Good argument.
risk of rain 2
you know whats less gay
arent you technically straight
wanna play some tft then
worst autoresponse suggestion ever
Is it free?
we call it practice for the area 51 raid
they cant shoot us all
just everyone mob milos house
Monday? I heard Monday kappa
I'm out for the weekend
wtf
why cant you just be a good upstanding man like caenis
why do you torture kevin
im out both days to norcal for christinas birthday unless i deadass play from the car lol
sekiro?
is it just you there or jett too
pog
or late 5 minutes
late like that time we waited an hour for you
define late
I am online now
What are you eating?
Pretty sure he’s at work
7
so we're 7 sat right no time change just day
Algebraic!
that slowly drives you to suicide
its just an invincible flying tazer
god no
Fair enough.
actually before friday since i start work then
you guys want to get lunch before sat
we know he wasnt
yea its a joke mars
it was external
i just hoped
no i didnt think he was high
damn so its just natural autism
milo dming high is how we ended up in court
Same
Can we do sat or is it better Friday with 4 Milo
Can we do sat or is it better Friday with 4 Milo
Aight at least you're rescheduling ahead of time
sell it and buy a hunting lodge
or when the guild gives you a shitty shield you cant use 
make lemonade
when life gives you lemons
If we can get someone to pay half we could still buy a town and then some
So boys if we sell the shield we can easily fetch 25000 gold then we can buy our timeshare
Ez clap
creep
you watching him sleep?
calling it
mars is late
Nice!
whos ready
so
with blademaster this fucker ulted every second
also got a dragon claw seraph pd yasuo
10/10
this fucker never died and pumped out 5k+ a round whenever imperial rolled on him
got swain first roll on 6
after second creep round
warmogs morello dragon claw
dude i played one earlier
You fiend
Yea agree
I'm ok earlier tho
I'm ok earlier tho
You blind fucks
Yesterday
We said 8
Not die 
Political prisoners disappear
Yea. Speaking of. Can mars make it
But I can
Tbh the big thing for me is if her roommates are there I'm gonna type everything instead of out loud
Who even is confirmed ok tomorrow
Otherwise start anyway
If that's when
By 8
I can probably explain this mess to her somehow and get on
If everyone can do tomorrow do tomorrow
Nah it's fine
And I'll see if I can
But don't delay for me just agree to tomorrow if everyone can
It's a choice 
It's not like they held him captive
Nah it's still on Milo. Over stayed
It's not like we planned anything it's just dinner
Yea exactly
Cause I already bailed on her today
If you're even slightly unsure then no
I mean I'm with Christina so I assume she has evening plans but I can get out of them if we for sure are campaign 
Yea
It was like months straight
Not this time
When everyone else was ready
Literally waiting on you every time
You know how fucking annoying it was with you late every week
No
I'm driving up to sb tomorrow so I can't do anything before noon
But ok
Assuming everyone gets 1 that's 2 months straight of rescheduling
Just thought it'd be him
Tbh I should've expected it. I can't remember a week mars didn't flake or show up late
Nice
I skipped dinner plans to be part of an auto response conversation
just most of the time
not rn tbh
hes leaving for chicago not iraq
you have 15 to sober up
you fuck. i cant im in sb
aight
Yep.
That was
Fucking autism roller coaster
Aight it works then
Do what I want
see you 7 bois
aight cool everyone except michael has confirmed so
i thought we all agreed friday 7-8 but this is why we check 
""
let's do it Friday when I dont have work
saturday following weeks
i thought it was friday this week
what does that even mean
tomorrow 7 or 8?
so lets confirm rn so nobodys late or doesnt know
Yeah, I guess
without committing to a year
in case you just want to try
nah its good its there
because it looks like so much better of a deal
yes its just there so youre more inclined to get yearly
yea but also its only 2$ a month yearly
than pirate shows
for something way harder to do yourself
its half of netflix
idk thats still ok if you use it enough
the yearly is pretty fair
over others
and the symbols are the big reason to use it
closer to 400 really
no you get like 200 more symbols
now its full on tied to your account so its RIP
but like you could inspect the page source and it was also right there in plain text in their javascript
before it was just a special url that anyone can use but you ahve to pay to get
but they patched it where you cant get it free anymore
its kinda shit without the paid version
xd
yea
same map site i used to use
tell me that isnt the same fucking thing as the kuo-toa
i see you all saw the message
its these fucks
theyre literally anime fish people
when you google kuo toa dnd
dndbeyond has them on there
apparently theyre also a player race now
fish bitches
so this is clearly the god of fish people
also apparently theres a monster the kuo-toa in actual canon dnd that has the ability to bring a god to life if enough of them believe its a god
its jar jar binks
but its fucking creepy as hell
i dont know
One of us
fucking boomers
pussied out of what tho
?
tru
fuck are you doing rn
jetts with milo
or do we need him for it
you wanna just start without him and settle getting out of the prison and getting our shit
Gates open!
mars how long do you need
Woo!
me here
what are you doing for your dad
damn parsas usually the other super early boi
like the fiend he is
amazed that mars isnt 45 minutes early
or 7
so are we 8
I ordered retard casserole
indifferent oranges raise corn
Parsa went real blind 
its been a slow weekend
i mean tomorrow
so are we just waiting on parsa to answer about monday then
more like we dont want his gen z shit 
ill drive to parsas house and make him
ok go tell jett we do monday
Aight. I think we should do 4 people Monday tho if we can
Unless miles means Friday too by no weekdays
Well we need 4 to party. Like if we do a catchup Monday everyone can still do Friday yea
Bitch there’s hours after work
Maybe we can make it up or just say fuck it
I'm back home at 6 all week so
Besides Friday
You guys have any day of the week that works or nah
Fucking say it like a normal human
Same cause saying bruh moment doesn't mean shit
But are we for sure next week then
I'm good but if we're not doing it I can go to like a restaurant instead
So next week Friday can Michael and miles make it or do we have to reschedule that too 
Good idea. Can't backfire
Cause otherwise I can go to a dinner
Idk let's decide if we're doing it tonight or not soon
I thought your internet was out
If it's just Michael and miles missing we have 4
fuck happened i thought we had this planned out
damn that sucks
idk i would rather tonight but if we can get more for tomorrow thats ok
what like beat your ass
so are you saying you cant do it
you only need enough internet to run skype
fix your shit
you have like 3 hours
as a yes or no
really i just dont understand parsas autism
wait whos in and whos out
like we said all week
no youre dumb mars its sat
It's clearly camping tonight
Are you all retarded
no suprise there
yea well we already kknow you like donny
how to tell if someone is a gamer
gay
nah noon bitch
what time saturday
What are you studying?
Camping
Last week
is pretty gay
tru. getting within 30ft to mark them tho
boys, gloom stalker or horizon walker
i need someone else to go in and salvage their souls
help theres 2 gays in the call
Yeah, me too
It has been
Ahoy!
pog
not late
same im good
to be home
feels good
I am always there
I'll pop in soon
At most 30. Start without me if I'm late
I might be a little late cause I have to help my grandparents get to their flight. It got moved from tomorrow to tonight
No problem, enjoy!
Same. I'll be back ~8
So are we game tomorrow
Same
I knew it
tomorrow
so
Prove it
I saw that
what about michael and jett
me good
same
the SJW
and their bohemian cousin
tbh i dont want to be tainted with the words of furries
like while we work on actually going to the future acquiring a "small" sum in the past will still make us wealthy in the future
cause of the inverse inflation
we should get money in the past
no meme tho if we do plan on going back to the future
Idk why I thought Monday
Idk why I thought Monday
Not Monday
So I'm actually only gone Wednesday to Saturday
And it'll just be us on it
Time will pass
A timeshare
We will own
I dnt think you understand
its a timeshare
its not a castle
we just kill enough citizens like weve been doing
no fuck you i dont read
a castle
thats our ransom
listen when we rescue the prince
buy a keep
we should
Tho
The keeps and lair for classes are really cool Thu
Gemstone dragons and custom spells were my favorite
forgot to give them my email lol
i didnt get a pdf tho
same
we rich
like if we make money in the past and bring it to the future
we get a ton more gold than we would normally
yo anyone considered how if we sell our shit in the past
nice
damb
cause it came out this week
no i mean we cant have had it from before
this week
its only out
only a little bit tainted by agent orange
we now own a 25 acre stretch of pristine forest land
is we bought a timeshare
the real story
like the festival
is a scam
timeshare
buy a keep
we should 
They're just omega retarded
They're just omega retarded
I literally just needed any food
So they wanted me to cook my own shit so I ended up having to get food unexpectedly
Then decided they'd only cook for my grandparents and parents
Basically what happened is my family is retarded and said they'd bring food home then didn't
From sawtelle
I'm on the way back
gtg get food
illl be there 730
official af on the inside
yea its actually really lit
xd
so they shipped me this book
and i forgot
during your downtime in campaign
for like you know being nobles and heroes and shit
called strongholds and followers
cause he was making a homebrew supplement for dnd
ngl i supported this guy on patreon
aight brb
7 or 730
everyone but michael right
yea
of aids
or we'll pretend like we dont hear you dying
and then just talk for combat or explaining
also if youre too sick to voice npcs you can type their lines out or smth
but tomorrows fine too
yea id rather tonight
rip
if we delay again
so what time tomorrow
and not a bunch of autistic cows and niglets 
you assume the twilight hammer is competent 
x d
and cow people
i think im ok with mine. its got the twilights hammer cult in it so we better see some dark iron dwarves milo
same
Do not deny it
dont we all know it 
Not a good one
What joke?
A joke
That's the joke.
What's your name?
We were ready for combat
Nice meme
Epic
and its with violence
theres only one right way to protect the environment
so now im an eco terrorist
my backstory was i tried to be a druid but they were pacifist pussies
kms
ye
ok
reeeeeeeeee
fuck you get on at 4
are we gonna start
so what time exactly
4head
milo just dont be sick
same
that sounds like what a rat would say
youre the rat
stfu biggus
fr tho im going out of town wednesday so before then hopefully
thursday AND next week :thinking:
im good any time but id prefer not the weekend
me too. sunday is gods day, we cant taint it with satanic practice
i thought we were looking thursday
fortnite gud
dota gay
like a fool
so im stuck not playing tft
the worst part of being in sb is i cant get the pbe on my laptop
just like babies
b for biodegradable
those are far as fuck from k
how tho
were making a plan? is that like making a baby
ye
i mean we probably cant do every session with everyone
yellowstone
leaving next wednesday for 4 days
yea
im home wednesday around evening
maybe missing was the strat
by hitting under 10
well you healed it twice
actually lose bear form
a necessary evil to make the bear tank
idk mars i think that an enemy that crits every strike is fun
sounds fun
and regenerate 10 hp on taking damage?
battle drones that have advantage every attack and increase their crit range every time they crit?
xd
and just die
unless you want to use my creatures
yea so thats even easier encounters
especially with full resources
cause with 4 the vanilla encounters are weak af to start
its not really for you its for not having to make every encounter homebrew
but less combat with full resources
no it means more combat
however you want to look at it
longer days or busier days
compared to how bad it is for everyone else normally once they hit 5+
its really not that bad for full casters once they hit 3-4
knowing we just long rest before the next
barkus literally doing nothing while the druid/sorcerer burn all spells on every encounter
i mean do you rememver the first campaign
yea but you can still hold them for more spells
it just means warlock isnt dumb weak
sorc and wiz both have arcane recovery and sorcery points for those too
their spell slots only regen up to 5th level
it makes them as good as sorc/wiz
not really
even rituals become more important
otherwise they just never get used
and wizard's arcane recovery
also doing week-rests makes cantrips actually useful
what are you doing with slots in a city really
yea but you arent getting attacked 6-8 times A DAY by relevant and dangerous enemies
cause theres shit actively trying to get you
and you cant just decide to say you rest in a town for a week
like strahd where everything happens on a pretty quick timeline
because the regular rest system is mostly for dungeons or railroaded campaigns
and its easier to fir 6-8 over a week than a day there
i mean really if youre doing an open world thing the week system works better because travel is a big thing
underdark or feywild 
even then theres places where they arent
thats a long time in
that doesnt work for overland travel unless for some reason your bandits are legion
instead of unfair hard with the drones
felt like each encounter was still fair while being hard
more than the ones with pretty much no rest limits
see but i liked that one dungeon where the heat prevented more than 2 short rests
i mean the problem with those is as soon as the tank goes down for 1 round everyone dies
i still have the 3 raging drone encounter saved
that sounds kinda fun
actually
nobody likes battle drones
the other option being random encounters with built in counters or ones simply deadly or long enough to wear out the spells but like
which just makes more sense as 6-8 per week
with 2 short rests
it literally does say that you should expect 6-8 medium-hard encounters per day
in order for non-casters and casters to get equal utility
yea but 5e is literally balanced around 7-8 combats
because you can burn all spells on them
otherwise overland travel or other random encounters are either deadly for non-casters or trivial 
it makes more sense across a week
which makes no sense to do in 1 day
5e is balanced around 7-8 encounters per long rest
more importantly its about spells not hp
thats what everyone says but as written its more like meat chunks. max fall damage is 20d6 which is survivable easily by a raging barbarian starting ~level 10 which makes no sense as luck or tenacity or willpower saving you from a 10000 ft fall without any broken bones or even significant injury
i agree its great lets do it
: )
but then we decided not to switch mid campaign so i just started making no rest dungeons
and a long rest is a week
yea you do its that thing we talked about where a short rest is 1 night
that sounds good
i agree
also did you say 1 day short/1 week long rest system
how often does anyone really plan on going to 0
cause you do the same at 1 hp or 100
any cheese to keep people conscious is aight
yea i thought it was pretty good
instead of a healer
if you think about it as a rogue that spot heals to keep people off 0
the rogue healer wasnt that bad
Rip
why was milo rolling stats
slip out
fast 
me shoot people
me only need to be fast
fast
me
Also how did jett and Michael roll
So when are we thinking
Apology accepted.
Or a druid
Ay make a faggot rogue again
\
that's pretty good
aight well
but im gonna need a tp home later
aight so I went back to the village and got us an ocean map and a woodland map
same
I can be back to my apartment by 2
Wtf
It's Smokey as shit rn
are you dumb
can we start like 1. i want to go home tonight
I need to know if I have time to go home lol
yea what time tomorrow
grades in college omegaLUL
lmao he still does homework and goes to class
and Michael/parsa/milo said they can
I feel like that's a better time
mars you doing anything tomorrow during the day
fuck off veigar
sunday probably tho
I cant do sat for sure
I cant vote but I can
or I guess dagger chuck
its fine the rogue can just spear chuck like a nigger
someone bring a shortbow or smth
also we're all melee
I can do friday
do you wield your wand with your trunk
have you considered being a wizard
hey brooj
are we starting
so like which day tho
aka we need to civilize these savage lands
lawful to my own beliefs
not like the law of the land though
I thought its on there
im lawful good
Milo campaign when
ok you tank then
like can I just not have a shield and use a two hander tanky
how tanky
is anyone going tanky
my character is Fodder 284, hes human and wears a mask at all times, never speaks, wears a red shirt, and has generic anime hair
ITS A TRAP
so are we meme or serious or whats the tone
gets the point across
I like that
nice campaign name
yea sure im game
what time are you thinking
consistently
legit tho its fucking dumb that he just feels like he can make everyone wait
I'm gonna go take a nap
idk you do it
I'm tilted
Milo 2k18
"CAMP PAIN FRIDAY@420"
if he goes to tj can we just start
fuck him
ew
wotfuce
ye
I'm ready
ayy nice
and were doing Friday instead
so I'm assuming Michael cant do thurs
rip
not Thursday tho
and guards
I have more demon hearts to devour
cmonBruh
^
Edited previous message: camp pain
when
camp paign
yea but like
?
campaign thursday
sounds good
ye
hell yea
auto crits
babyrage
shouldve been way easier
that vix unka 1v1
From the player's basic rules page 106 and 107:

Paralyzed • A paralyzed creature is incapacitated (see the condi- tion) and can’t move or speak. • The creature automatically fails Strength and Dexterity saving throws. • Attack rolls against the creature have advantage. • Any attack that hits the creature is a critical hit if the attacker is within 5 feet of the creature.

Unconscious • An unconscious creature is incapacitated (see the condition), can’t move or speak, and is unaware of its surroundings. • The creature drops whatever it’s holding and falls prone. • The creature automatically fails Strength and Dexterity saving throws. • Attack rolls against the creature have advantage. • Any attack that hits the creature is a critical hit if the attacker is within 5 feet of the creature.
the vegetarian chick cries when they have to kill these pigs for food
this is so dank wtf
After being called sexist, Bear Grylls added a women's team to survival reality show The Island. In the first 3 days, the women were lost in the jungle, injured, without fire, water, food, or shelter.
society has crumbled
this is now a disney princess
life isnt worth living
kms
reee
Milo ree
Yea actually can we decide so I know if I'm going back to the dorm 
ye
Unka you got captured by a priestess of Lolith in the middle of the night and I saved your GODDAMN LIFE REEEE
and you couldn't declare that sooner
campaign when?
reeeee
m e a o
meao
hes a holy man
milos eao is a frontlining beast
inb4 "yea she died in the last 3 hours"
if you can make thursday
that doesn't answer at all
still, so far looks like 4 works
you do the weird ass system
oh right
last time you didn't get back until 4
that's fine cause i think miles doesn't get back till 4
i never realized a poll could tilt me like this
its just Michael and mars then
whatever
then we don't know
or like wtf
is he gonna put yours
so if you put milos name
I'm gonna fucking kill myself
nigger you have a name
milo
you put
we need mars you and michael
just answer the damn poll
but in the other way
and getting stoned
as does adultery
getting raped stones you
being real bored doesn't stone you
cmonbruh
you sound like youre high as shit but we all know youre too much of a bitch to smoke at home
what the fuck is wrong with you
no cause some people change their schedule all the time
bitch what
and not everybody answered
a while ago
we asked in this chat
good meme?
just sucks
ok so your intuition
idk
well one of you checked me then
because nobody ever answered their schedule
its pretty intuitive
check your name
if you can do thursday
seems weird to me
weird
whats crashing a class
wut
milo can you do thursdays
reee
I thought you were free thursdays
but yea I can do thurs-sun
and turn it in Thursday
nah it means I save it for wednesday
I cant. Thursday is board game turn in day
anyone else wanna say when they can camp
so
same
thursday
that's some fucked up shit
camp pain
hey but fr tho
that's a 5 year sentence
"I DIDNT KNOW I HAD TO GET A PERMIT TO FIREBOLT IN CAVERNS"
would fuck you so bad
the mosha lawsuits
magical osha
mosha
I thought that was obvious
all citizenry wear magical bracelets so that you cannot hide from guards
hey, practicing stealth is highly illegal
all wands must be licensed and holstered at the hip
concealed carry now illegal
its an assault sword
at that point
why would citizenry need swords longer than 3ft
and assault swords
for magical violations
youre all in jail
after quest 1
lmao
ez clap
"15 to life"
"shit"
"and can we see your fireball paperwork"
"I cast fireball on it and..."
"and will you please tell the jury how you killed this bone devil"
and youre just tryna be a fucking adventurer
everything needs a permit
modern magic
that would be the most meme of all meme campaigns
aww lame
but that would need a permit
I could see people running therapy shops where all they do is mind wipe your trauma
thaumaturgy is not to be cast during any form of bartering
Fuckin MOSHA is serous shit
Teleportation circles need a permit
If animals and or plants are spoken to, you may not upset them
Conjured drinks - water only
Otherwise you risk discrimination suits 
Created food must be vegan as to be complaint with all races
No lightning within a hundred meters of water
Verbal consent required
Healing on the willing only
Weather affecting spells on personal property only
Any acid and curses need a special permit
Any and all aoe spells need a license otherwise how do we know you know the exact area
Otherwise we're at risk of being liable for your miscalculation and injury of coworkers
Can't be allowed to cast one unless you're licensed
Being able to eye a twenty foot radius is hard
Do you have a fireball verification
Yea
Yea. Any licensed party needs a counterspell to avoid workplace arcane hazards 
Gotta keep MOSHA off our ass 
We need a counter spell
Once a day
I eat berries
absolutelynot_us_irl
Every adventuring party should be Adventure LEGAL. Are you...

Long journey ready? Nobody appreciates how long they'll be away from civilisation 'til they run out of rations and realise nobody knows basic survival!

Evil aware? Did you know that one in five adventurers are unlawfully homicidal and/or in direct contact with devils? What are the signs you're being manipulated?

Geared up? What do you mean "we forgot the health potions"? Medical supplies and camping gear are as important as weapons and armour!

Abjuration trained? What can YOU do when faced with a fireball? Every party should have at least one member who knows how to interpret and counter magic!

Licenced? Guild membership, identification, even a simple library card can make all the difference. Don't rely on reputation, carry your documents with you or have copies sent to the major cities!
Yea
It's annoying
Like 50cs+ and you're marked 
You get recognized
The second you have a good game
Even better ulu
It's like 3
Michael go right back to inting
Oof
Campaign
Oh. Then thats the face after your support misses the stun 4 times 
Is that from high school. I have short hair in it
Unfortunate
When
Campaign
.
no its fucked up to ask for gender equality
that's fucked up
no
its probably a chick that wrote it
like xayah and rakan its always better in pairs
did someone say valentines day double xp palooza
I can see it
tried for equal rights
had an interest in the tailor shop
idk he likes to cook potions
just like braccus thinks he has humanoid rights
shes a feminist piece of shit instead ok
unka is kyle
I dont
we do?
eao is mmba
goddess olive - vaughan
unfortunately braccus is twitchy carl
ss_irl
Artifact Weapon, requires attunement. Saps the lifeforce of the wielder, reducing your life expectancy to human amounts. If you are purely of mortal (non-elven, celestial, draconic, demonic, devil) ancestry, you lose 1d6 max hp per day instead.
l u l
horsepower
liquid in a cup
horsepower
cash amount
horsepower
fruit weights
i hope you spend the rest of your life measuring Everything in horsepower
Vilya is red
nierya is green
not that you know
what I mean
voted off the island
dragons are red
unka used pound
we should bury
Vaughan under ground
hector is brown
braccus is a pussy
in every fight
eao's a wussy
Vix is pale
unka is dumb
we can all tell
Vaughan is scum
now you know their colors
:)
eao is red 
braccus is brown
shut the fuck up
you goddamn clown
the stirling engine is as simple as it gets
simple
then push them together when filled with metal
make 2 molds
also i wouldn't try to image the whole 3d part, just half of it
into imagining patterns
as long as I'm not tryna dex my way
but its wis
yea
id assume its whatever pattern you want it to be
shaping patterns
You cause shapes, colors, or both to appear on the dirt or stone, spelling out words, creating images, or shaping patterns. The changes last for 1 hour.
I'm not gonna try to forge screws
those would be cast
smaller cylinders attached to rods
its just cylinders
hardware
cheating the casting to be wis is enough
and welding them with fire
assembling it sure but with good molds its just sliding pieces together
and it shapes itself
its just imagining how you want the earth to be
shaping the molds with magic is just to cheat the dex check
coming up with the idea
isn't that what the initial int check is
and create tons of mold types
i can mold earth a for an hour
but sure
these aren't particularly complicated shapes tho
sure but he has literally no way to make the molds
id actually do that until parsa shows
and who gets to coin the term horsepower/not horsepower
for who invents an engine first
hector and unka vs eao and vix
could just be a team race
in like any way
if its a race unka doesn't win
sterling engine done. horsepower never exists
ez
with produce flame/ray of frost
then to power it just heat the hot chamber and cool the other
have engine
pour into molds
then melt down a sword with one of many fire spells
because its extremely precise
mold earth to create the metal molds
at least its easy and plausible
as not horsepower
just to be the one who gets to define the term for engine capacity
nah literally the most basic ass sterling engine ever
as a young boy, vix tried to boil a potion but sealed the top of the bottle by accident. the potion exploded and he got minor burns and cuts but realized that boiling water in an enclosed space generate force
at least vix has seen it
boiled water-&gt;steam-&gt;movement
alchemist pipes
also no, we've seen things similar to how engines work
it transcends worlds
my hatred for the term horsepower is so strong
a tube system
you just need a few cylinders
instead of trying to forge an ic engine...
and using magic to cast the metal
luckily I'm only going for the stirling engine
10x easier than forging
pour into mold
heat metal the raw steel
earth shape a mold
instead of trying to forge it
i figured id use magic to shape the metal
there are pretty tight tolerances on engines
what, are you an experience blacksmith
for either engine
well it needs really precisely manufactured parts
instead of making everyone listen to it later
so we can go right to the skill checks
milo you want me to explain rn how to build a stirling engine
unka could build an engine
theres no fuckin way
so ill build a magical stirling engine
and i don't really want to go learn how build an ic engine
to eliminate the horsepower measurement
i just want to build one in eluras
I'm not hating on it
stiriling engines are easy
yea i mean ive built one before its not that hard
while id have to go research how to build an ic engine
mostly cause i know exactly how to build one in case milo makes me describe how i build it
yes
like while you drive it just drains your spell slots
just magic powered
its like an electric engine
i could still kill you
instead of fuel
an enchanted item that provides the heat
actually tho a magical steam engine would be pretty cool
what I'm building
unka youd have no fuckin idea
if horsepower never becomes invented
worth it
feels4eman
monkaS
skill challenges
also whats the int check to invent a steam engine
is better
a quantifying measurement
no dumbasses
so if theres no tradition
with a better unit of measurment
and measure engine strength
also the original statement i had was we should invent cars in eluras
it doesn't hurt
again you can just compare the numbers in the quantifying measurement to other cars
which is strictly superior in function
so it is both a quantifying and qualifying measurement
with exacter numbers
you can compare that too
as opposed to "I'm buying a 700 newton-meter, 400/700 rpm engine"
yea "I'm buying a 400hp engine. idk how much that is in any other units of measurement but i bought it anyway"
its just a façade that keeps average people from being able to know exactly what theyre buying
in any way based on the term "horsepower"
i cant numerate that strength
I can relate to how strong a horse is
on a unit of measurement that hasn't been relatable since the 1900s
and I don't want to guess the strength of my engine
because theyre different
you can return 1 number for both
front and rear axle
you degenerate animal
aka rotations per second
power is torque x angular speed
by saying "400hp"
instead of somewhat relatable and guestimated amounts of both
now you have exact measurements for both
boom
"this engine has 700 newton-meters of torque and an angular speed of 40 rotations per second"
you don't need one term to do both. engines can be measured by their max torque AND by their angular speed
that exists only for marketing purposes and tradition
so you admit its a suboptimal term
their engine strength
but people would also be able to exactly know
yea but if we raised people on newton-meters theyd also have a good estimate
they can only roughly guess
nobody in the world will ever see 400hp and know how much torque it is exactly
that doesn't mean that horsepower is the optimal way of communicating engine strength
but either way
electric cars get more than 400hp
that's the strength of about 25 horses
that's pretty shit
who targets high horsepower cars at dumb people
call it that then and it still makes sense
kilogram-meters-per second * meter
newton meters is pretty easy
its like sticking with imperial measurements
horsepower is outdated by this point
and the conclusion was that newton-meters was a more elegant measurement
and we had the longest debate ever over this
I went to a mech e class
also yea horsepower triggers me
sports cars are the ones that advertise their horsepower
and if they aren't they aren't really worried about the horsepower of their engine
tend to be educated
people who buy cars
people take physics courses
last time I saw one was like 2 years ago
when was the last time you saw a horse drawn carriage
and a human is a 5 horsepower engine
also horsepower is meaningless cause a horse is technically a 15 horsepower engine
means something
at least saying "9000 foot pound" engine
its meaningless to almost everybody
because horsepower sucks
is better than horsepower
honestly even calling the measurement foot-pounds
are you implying only americans buy cars tho
its just one that uses obscure units
horsepower already is a measurement of torque
a newton meter is a more refined version of foot pound
what the fuck a foot pound is
how are you gonna explain to anyone outside america
that's not obscure
torque is newton-meters
more people buying cars have taken a physics course than lived with or ridden horses
you lived on a farm with horses or smth
than horsepower?
torque is more obscure
watts
or like
if it was defined in units of torque it would be far more useful for immediate determination of engine strength
like ok
that engine strong
its like saying "strong"
its literally a worthless unit of measurement because its too obscure for the normal person to define in a meaningful way
do you know how much horsepower one horse is capable of
do you know what horsepower is a measurement of
how much int does it take to make a steam engine
because that eventually becomes an obscure and useless unit of measurement
that isn't horsepower
just so we can coin a term for engine strength
what do we have to roll to invent cars
i gotta work on my trust fund
and how much is real estate
or set amount of years
is it based on racec
whats the jail sentences like in eluras
gotta get diverse
vaughan is a crappy rogueish personailty already
mostly a healer
ulu
eao is the train tracks
Vector should be canon tbh
or the tried and died hunka
the tale of hector-vaughan




































.
just pick braccus and vaughan
but really
canon
top 2
c a n o n
its canon now
your character is just a furry
its ok
so its gotta be braughan
like hunka isn't possible cause theyre both straight
nah braughan is canon
druids fuck trees
the canon couple
2 ex slaves
Vaughan fucks animals
so
braughan is the only one that's canon
also
its all about the name
braughan is the new thing
boo
oof
#braughan
yea but that title
or riot
Gandalf lied, he was no wizard. He was clearly a high level fighter that had put points in the Use Magic Device skill allowing him to wield a staff of wizardry. All of his magic spells he cast were low level, easily explained by his ring of spell storing and his staff. For such an epic level wizard he spent more time fighting than he did casting spells. He presented himself as this angelic demigod, when all he was a fighter with carefully crafted PR.

His combat feats were apparent. He has proficiency in the long sword, but he also is a trained dual weapon fighter. To have that level of competency to wield both weapons you are looking at a dexterity of at least 17, coupled with the Monkey Grip feat to be able to fight with a quarter staff one handed in his off hand at that. Three dual weapon fighting feats, monkey grip, and martial weapon proficiency would take up 5 of his 7 feats as a wizard, far too many to be an effective build. That's why when he faced a real wizard like Sarumon, he got stomped in a magic duel. He had taken no feats or skills useful to a wizard. If he had used his sword he would have carved up Sarumon without effort.

The spells he casts are all second level or less. He casts spook on Bilbo to snap him out his ring fetish. When he's trapped on top of Isengard an animal messenger spell gets him help. Going into Moria he uses his staff to cast light. Facing the Balrog all he does is cast armor. Even in the Two Towers his spells are limited. Instead of launching a fireball into the massed Uruk Hai he simply takes 20 on a nature check to see when the sun will crest the hill and times his charge appropriately. Sarumon braced for a magic duel over of the body of Theodin, which Gandalf gets around with a simple knock on the skull. Since Sarumon has got a magic jar cast on Theodin, the wizard takes the full blow as well breaking his concentration. Gandalf stops the Hunters assault on him by parrying two missile weapons, another fighter feat, and then casting another first level spell in heat metal. Return of the King has Gandalf using light against the Nazgul and that is about it. When the trolls, orcs and Easterlings breach the gates of Minos Tiroth does he unload a devastating barrage of spells at the tightly pack foes? No, he charges a troll and kills it with his sword. That is the action of a fighter, not a wizard.

Look at how he handled the Balrog, not with sorcery but with skill. The Balrog approached and Gandalf attempts to intimidate him, clearly a fighter skill. After uses his staff to cast armor, a first level spell, Gandalf then makes a engineering check, another fighter skill, to see that the bridge will not support the Balrog's weight. When the Balrog took a step, the bridge collapsed under its weight. Gandalf was smart enough to know the break point, and positioned himself just far enough back not to go down with the Balrog. The Balrog's whip got lucky with a critical hit knocking Gandalf off balance. The whole falling part was due to a lack of over sight on behalf of the party, seriously how does a ranger forget to bring a rope? Gandalf wasn't saved by divine forces after he hit the bottom, he merely soaked up the damage because he was sitting on 20d10 + constitution bonus worth of hit points.

So why the subterfuge? Because it was the perfect way to lure in his enemies. Everybody knows in a fight to rush the wizard before he can do too much damage. But if the wizard is actually an epic level fighter, the fools rush to their doom. Gandalf, while not a wizard, is extremely intelligent. He knows how his foes would respond. Nobody wants to face a heavily armored dwarf, look at Gimli's problem finding foes to engage in cave troll fight. But an unarmored wizard? That's the target people seek out, before he can use his firepower on you. If the wizard turns out to actually be a high level fighter wearing robes, then he's already in melee when its his turn and can mop the floor with the morons that charged him. So remember fighters, be like Gandalf. Fight smarter, not harder.
getting that silk lingerie
eao is a thotty?
youd save money on dinner
reeeeeee
420
hey miles
one sec
were having a discussion here tho
i would but im at home and not in the dorm
and a commoner at that
but he was just a human
or second
nope i definitely killed that first thief
afterwards
you shot me reeeeeeeeeeeee
you shot me
in the dungeon
he shot me
attempted murder
hes definitely the bard
and the silliness
vaugn mostly does the murdering
mostly vaugn
or murdering people
were always silly
that top part is meme shit
meme? thats quality roleplaying
its just a wizard who only takes necro spells
def not
yea
yea well a necromancer is just a really late healer anyway
diego
do we have a necromancer because i feel we need a healer
we know
gift me lunar empress lux and ill duo with you
.
eat pokis ass in davids place
be the third
two people already sniped toast today
oh
wait you saw them and didnt snipe them when they were in the bakery
sad
no balls
stream sniper extrodinaire
everyone would know the legend of mars blackman
itd be dank
i mean just walk over and say histo twitch chat
theyre in a korean restaurant with noodle house in the name
baguette
close to the paris baguteet
to streamsnipe or not to streamsnipe
toast in koreatown rn
I am now
I heard mention of league
its lit
I'm out of class for the week
hell yea we should do that
like 3 years ago there was hail/snow
it did that one time
reegue
Chill
Its not ninety minutes 
Walking back. 10 min
so we can stick to 6?
I'm busy 5-6
close to blue
is there team
in that case
im just seeing if its gonna be soon
im not saying start rn
I'm assuming hes free
hes on league
so are we all here
where you at team
ye
that sounds pretty lit
watch this instead
leaves
giraffes eat
ok
well
league it is then?
isn't a hard choice
I mean league or campaign
same
why don't you have the day shift
so Friday.sat.sun are good
I got 3 day weekends now
they need to be pushed and merged back into the master branch
theres now 2 branches with updates from a single point
why are we using the second to most updated map again
don't you regularly repost shitpost bot
kys
vro
at the same time last year
apparently we were in the same hotel
no-hit
more like
rohit
and hating drow
the only bonding is between two people who want to free evil gods
development
inter-character relationships
or on the boat
plus i think we can do more character development with non-combat situations in a town
seems dicey
but undead who cant heal vs cleric
because i think I'm reasonably safe with self heals and forms
that's fine
i mean if you want to risk people fighting a cleric
with a few helpers
and assassinate them
nah we train a bit
so does coming back with some assassins and taking out all the legates and praetors at once
were not strong enough to take care of those whod they would set on us
and leads to being hunted
and storywise just going and murdering her is dumb
also i think the game is more about story than combat
whos undead
clerics tend to know
wed take her down but at least one person would die
someones gonna die
but even if shes level 7+
it was 18
idk about that
and a high level dracolich
one high level cleric
its like fucking with the dracolich
i mean i don't think its smart
i mean i don't wanna murderhobo
if we go south I near guarantee I can convince allies
yea but if she dies they know were hunting them
we want to sweep the higher ups quickly
killing her early gives them warning to prepare
and kill the whole guild at once
or we could come back stronger with allies
by a high level cleric
or killed
and get arrested?
plus we could find a large city and look for allies
cause you don't worry about being murdered by the guild
and its more free
well theres more to explore in the south
by sea is also faster
what century is it
theres gunpoweder
pirates are free xp
by sea. were more likely to be stopped by the guild on foot
so lets take the boat
nah I can aquatic form now
I think were gonna meet unka there
where you at
team
human rogue
davaid
#metoo
no fuck you
I'm also going to school sunday tho
I can do tomorrow
where are you
MARS
mars
mars where the fuck are you
and I do declare parsa is triple gay
I'm here
reeeeeeeeeeeee
does he have internet now
8 because jett
reeee
campaign when
what the fuck did I just read
reeeeeeeeee
not till we get the next sesh
nope
wheres my fucking campaign
until I get around to finishing one of the better sketches
for now
its safer
id stick to the cleric
scorching ray hits for 24 pretty easily
^
Peerless Skill
Starting at 14th level, when you make an ability check, you can expend one use of Bardic Inspiration. Roll a Bardic Inspiration die and add the number rolled to your ability check. You can choose to do so after you roll the die for the ability check, but before the GM tells you whether you succeed or fail.
can I call a wood elf a stick chucker
or duregar
like deep gnomes
also do we have subspecies
or if we go to the desert we meet some browner folk
like black people from the dirt kingdom
do we have different nationalities and shit
grey-brown?
what color elves do we have
I didn't realize our campaign was so racially diverse
those are just mexicans
or green
are orcs brown in our world
and canines barely protruding upward
with more underbite
so like browner
go with the one that isn't cancer
oh
that's much better
someone just ask
you know theres an easy solution to this
lmao rip
what happened to unka
tell jett its at 4 so we start on time this time
I can get with that plan
whenever
I can do sunday but like today is lit
fucking cancer
kappa
but two point zero vs two point o
yea ik
what schoolwork do you even have to do tonight
^
smh
keeping us all waiting again
ical
typ
t y p I c a l
harass him
harass him
3107497226
make sure jett doesn't keep us waiting again
oh and parsa
what about unka and the demon child
I can do today
I'm good at that time
its under character sheet but you have to highlight the gear in red
are you on the right subsheet
wtf
were retarded
Upon adding the Roll20 5th Edition OGL Character Sheet to a campaign, the 5th Edition SRD Compendium is automatically enabled for use as its own tab in the Sidebar of the application. It's located between the Journal and Jukebox tabs and is accessible for both GM and Player alike.

The Compendium allows for rapid searching of all rules, classes, monsters, spells, items, and more that are included in the 5th Edition SRD. This minimizes time spent for the gaming group to leaf through a book in the middle of a session for a rule clarification. Even better, both the GM and the Player can utilize dragging and dropping* from the Compendium tab directly to your character sheets. This makes statting NPCs and PCs far faster than inputing everything manually.
also this is a thing we didn't realize
its like in the rightmost column
also you can set your class/level there and have it auto modify other things
if you want roll20 to auto roll to hit AND damage in one macro you just set it in the back
I mean most of the important stuff is what people talked about on call
yea
yea so 4/6
he wasn't there
3/5 kappa
everyone but miles
Armor Cost Armor Class (AC) Strength Stealth Weight
Light Armor
Padded 5 gp 11 + Dex modifier — Disadvantage 8 lb.
Leather 10 gp 11 + Dex modifier — — 10 lb.
Studded leather 45 gp 12 + Dex modifier — — 13 lb.
Medium Armor
Hide 10 gp 12 + Dex modifier (max 2) — — 12 lb.
Chain Shirt 50 gp 13 + Dex modifier (max 2) — — 20 lb.
Scale Mail 50 gp 14 + Dex modifier (max 2) — Disadvantage 45 lb.
Breastplate 400 gp 14 + Dex modifier (max 2) — — 20 lb.
Half Plate 750 gp 15 + Dex modifier (max 2) — Disadvantage 40 lb.
Heavy Armor
Ring Mail 30 gp 14 — Disadvantage 40 lb.
Chain Mail 75 gp 16 Str 13 Disadvantage 55 lb.
Splint 200 gp 17 Str 15 Disadvantage 60 lb.
Plate 1,500 gp 18 Str 15 Disadvantage 65 lb.
Shield
Shield 10 gp +2 — — 6 lb.
A wave of thunderous force sweeps out from you. Each creature in a 15-foot cube originating from you must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 2d8 thunder damage and is pushed 10 feet away from you. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't pushed.
yea maybe but I was hoping itd be important enough to compel attention
Michael_irl
"can I interest you gentlemen in buyin a menorah"
"how much for this potion" "500gp" "ill give you 2 and this nice piece of bark I found"
and itll be hilarious
mars can just haggle for everything
I think were all racist
we have more humans than any other race
youre like the Nazi stereotype of a jew
its so jewish
did you settle on your jewery yet
yea we were there
especially the part about xp being gained from spending cash lul
yea it looks like it is
so does that mean I get my level + 2 to lore
en
el-n
e - lyn
;)
vixen
vix'elin
character sheets
were setting up
im visiting my gf in san fran this week
mmk. idk then
i can play but i dont think i can dm
anyway so thats where im at rn with it
since i left school
and i literally never eat anything green or healthy
no but im sick too
its super disturbing
literally shit
am i dying
also is green shit a sign of cancer. parsa youre a wannabe doctor so
idk. im down but im sick and dont really want to dm. if one of you wants to run a one shot tho
slept like 13 hours
its aight i passed the fuck out too
I hope so too
yes
with double for overtime
25 an hour 40 hours a week
pay is good
thing
for an internship
thats it
i have an onsite interview monday then 
yea
we can do it then or smth
ok. if you guys have any other time that works im totally free this week except monday 1-7
cause im about to pass the fuck out
i stayed up till like 5am so im super tired. if we dont make it in like 30 im gonna sleep
damn
or at least 915
so mars you gonna be home by 9?
cause hes dumb
he never capitalizes or uses question marks
i just figured i might as well say it
i could tell
vargach wants to duel the sunmaker
you wanna join 
so 9 then
im ready
aight im here
I see. Tonight then
Cause then we can get mars
I'm good. Just curious tho if the Sunday time works this week
Every time
I went to re-read a chapter and couldn't stop until I finished the book
But it's fucking compelling
It's not as magical as caenis
Anthony Ryan
Wow shocker 
Read it mars
10/10 book
No time for originality cause of mothers day
For the record if anyone's read blood song it's where I grabbed caenis
That was like 20 damage a round passively
Wait that bullshit dealt most of my damage
Remember to be ever vigilant of the Dark for it seeks to undermine the faith wherever it can
Get rekt pasta 
Even counting banish as dealing all its hp in damage I still think I won
mars you used to do that
and idk how to start call
im on my laptop
aight well lets do this week then we can look for more
yea but idk if kevin wants to be left alone with just markus
or recruit another
anyway do we want to keep going or wait till mars schedule is fixed
wtf
parsa
true that he didnt say much anyway
i guess whatevers best for him
didnt say anything to me tho so idk
apparently keta just left
or are we gonna break and wait
so are we doing this with 2
Might be the last year it's running
Chinese school lol
Aight. I'm at a concert until 730 tomorrow so we can start 830
So I didn't find anyone. Are we ok tomorrow as 4 or do you want to wait until we have 5 again
Alright it's cool. I can take the week to search
If you all are
Aight well I'm down for tonight
damn. im ok finding another 1 or 2 but it might take a bit. do you guys want to keep going while we look or wait until we have 4 again
I'm good. Depends on Mars
yea sorry
i cant. im 1/4 into the paper and its taken all day
tough shit tho
damn dude. fight for saturdays
really stressful week
im also waiting on an internship response so i need that too
heads up i have a big paper due monday so if i dont get big shit done on it tmrw i probably cant do sat
nah mars is gone so we can 'celebrate'
ill see you boys after this blessed day
so if mars cant make it im gonna go light up too
no wonder mars is busy
im sad that scene never made it into the show
but i didnt go in so idk. either straight girls or gay dudes
im pretty sure its just gay porn
i just got home man
and then annie went to coachella
christina is selling merch at "yaoi expo" so i had to drive
i was out of town
goddamnite mars
cool. ill check it out. night guys
Fuck this
I'm gonna take the train home or smth
I wanna die
:)))))
Sorry about this
Thanks I was enjoying it guys
Kill me
Cause I CAN'T FUCKING USE MY COMPUTER
I guess that's it for the week
Hahahahahahahhha
That's why
I live off campus
Hahahhahhaha 
Ha
Haha
Guess who lost power again
ez money
801
10$ mars doesnt pick up until 901
wow you make it sound so generous
anyone not?
im ready for 8
did you do your homework like a good boy
alright mars
listen isshin did nothing wrong
im not living in the dark ages any more
yea im good
Well it worked out kinda. Lol
And fuck maintainence
Fuck that place
Well maybe but I'm in sm
Nope
Thanks. I'm fine just pissed about this
If it's not back by 5 I can't do today cause my notes and everything are in there and I need them to prep :/
My apartment is fucked. Our power died and maintainence is dog so apparently it might take a while 
shouldve done your daily practice
in 8 minutes hes gonna be getting arrested or smth
if you guys let keta know then im ready too
Fair enough.
it is a blessing
is no nightmare
skype auto response
I am always ready
I am always ready
I am always ready
just not from you
i saw this coming
they put off the boss fight until this time tho
also keta, the tldr of last session is they set up a blockade to prevent anyone from leaving the infected city, markus started a fire inside, most of the people died, and now they're hunting down the one responsible for the infections
aight then
from getting hit in the head by rocks
parsa are you sure you dont have brain damagef
shit. thats a good point
all good?
Brb
My house internet sucks
its been seconds
im ready
you dumb fucker
It's all the rage
Incest
i guess
yeet
why does skype want me to auto respond "Yeet"
anyway we need markus
skyrim is dead to me
and wrote half the scripts myself
i had like 150 plugins 
i dont have the energy to fix all my shit again man
fuck
skyrim?
x d
cant be too hard to cut
but parsas fat af so 
i could be a shitty old rusty one
as a machete goes
i mean
literally just this thing
and i can justify buying it
i just need a reason to use it
thats a good deal
and like
no i found a machete for sale at rei for 20
so you cant even hide there bitch
and im going to ucsb soon anyway
ik where you live
or ill cut you
be there
the point is parsa
and all that
takes one to know one
theres a good chance they are
if parsa thinks someone is autistic
so im surprised she has friends
tbh i thought she was more autistic than parsa
i havent seen her in like 8 years
: )
his sister is hot
true
dont pull a mars
just dont let them in your room
lit
everyone good today?
idk if hes got the skill
lsd is hard to make
Edited previous message: hippie chem
hippy chem
nitrates
that's all I know
microbeads
hydrocarbons
its ok I guess it means I can rest
scammed
and I came back from Yosemite for this
r I p
we good
I just gotta piss
yall good
k im home
I'll be there 10
It's ok you have 40
Finishing rn
Barring awful traffic and getting shot
I'll be back before ten tho
Me doomed
Me
Yea it mmr
Sorry boys. I trusted an engineering event to have good logistics
Realistically these people won't be done soon so it's looking like 10
I never even saw the last one cause of how shit the first two were
Are we not including hobbit
Ok I'll see you in two weeks
Mb I didn't expect this
Or in a worst case like 10...
Food was supposed to be out but isn't yet
I'm at an event that looks like it's going late. Let's say 9 to be safe
whats a dag, ron?
everyone good for today?
i think im back tho
my internet died
ready
then im ready
i gotta piss rq
I actually don't know this reference
and call the 2 back ones legs
turn into an insect
general kenobi
wheres your bitch ass at
mars
aight im ready
Magic
8 like usual
^ this guy gets it
d
im goo
Or Attorney General 
can never have too much of that
yea I think that's fine cause I get more prep time anyway
if youre gonna be that long do you want to just do this next week then
its still better than mars
in the end
aight
kevin?
aight
so how long are you in the gulag mars
mars suss enough for the real police to get him
fucker
and would be home by 9
yea you said you got off at the same time
so were waiting on that
its fine parsa and kevin have busted skypes
lul
omega
or is kevin still fixing skype and keta locked out
you wanna just start then?
idk
I thought he was on the way back
im ready
cause like
yea I meant mars really
how long do you each need?
im out of that
so how long do you need
im stuck in bathroom
I'm ok with starting 9
I'll see you all next eek then
Feel. I'm on a vacation since valentines
whys that things head the size of its body
r?
vodka soda dansgame
if you can play drunk you can play blazed
its ok
im ready
couldnt make it back by 9
dinner ended way late
since im stuck home after all
im setting up my laptop
kms
go for it. I gotta go drive an hour through LA traffic
ill try to get you caught up or maybe someone else can
sweet
 I’m physically unable to teleport back
I have to come to Santa Monica cause it’s Chinese new year
I have a family dinner at 6 so are we good to start at 9?
bad
mars
mars is a bitch
mars are you back yet
is deadass impossible to get rid of
yea ik. fucking stomach fat
cause its literally half of what I do at the gym and its uselessly hidden
which sucks
and rn its hidden under the last little bit of belly fat I still have
because I want my six pack visible
im supposed to be trying to lose weight
ugh don't remind me
punk
yours
bitch youre gonna be addicted to heroin
and it wont be metaphorical
ill shoot you
mars
wut
wut
ye
I need to piss but them im good
feel. more prep time anyway xd
unfortunate. I just got back and since kevin needs an hour I was thinking we just check in with you and everyone at 9
Damn lol. Aight we'll await you eagerly
aight np
everyone good for tomorrow?
unfortunately its back to school
vegas was lit tho
yea :/
sry
yea im in vegas
yea
its been a long winter
right?
6
r
aight
same
4head
just dodge the car
right
you better win it
all im saying is if you start a fight
you shouldn't have fought that car
mars tbh
we'll just say we start at 9 then
the auts
parsa has this thing we call
so we've been preoccupied
yea ive been out of town and mars had a disagreement with a car
what time are you thinking
np
I'm dead rn
Yea
Or as close as I'll get before passing out 
Happy new years from Tahoe
thanks. ill try
sorry
Ik I said this last week but just a reminder im out of town tomorrow
sucks to suck
well buddy theres no game breaking bugs now
and filled his survey with useless data
crashed it on purpose
when it wasn't done
for context mars playtested the game on that site
jose darkstaff aged 2000000
i saw your troll survey
also mars you cant break the game anymore
check it out
the skeleton of my site is up
oh actually since i feel like you guys are less likely to judge than my other friends
im gonna get blackout
cool. have a great time with your celebrations everyone
so lets just take a break another week and maybe find another player for when we're all good again
yea it seems like the holidays is a struggle for everyone
so any thoughts
im kinda stressed lol
idk
but idk if i can get out of this. we could take the time to find one more and get them up to speed?
i don't want to miss tho cause im not here next week either
lol my parents are setting up the yard and fire pit and all that
so I may be late
hmm apparently I have a family dinner tonight
im good unless theres some family event im not remembering rn
Yea we should discuss that too. We were expecting to be at 4 eventually from the start but idk if you guys want to look for more or just stay as is
So my gf has been here since finals ended and I have to drop her at the airport later. I think I have to bail this week cause I'm not ready. Sorry guys
purple nail
yea but that would be a loooooooooooooooong
lul
its supposed to be a beam
oh its not a long purple nail
pce
but im slept instead
now I want to finish it
it all started cause I couldn't describe it so I just sketched it at the end
that's your hand
mars
stfu
my food is heating
i need 5 min anyway
gtfo
.
and moises
aids
and that shit
if you get smash milo and jett and shit are gonna want to play it
i get to TA freshmen instead
so that's dumb
cause he swapped
oh also apparently im not TAing my roomates class
never want to touch smash
i have the switch
opposite
ayyy
so i guess i was bad all along
got a C and then a B in phys 151/152
went to college
and a 5 on the ap exam
i had an A in ap physics
I mean its weird
at least relatively
and I still suck at physics
but tbf I turned in all my physics hw
I don't know chem
which is why
I missed 30+ assignments for chem
lmao
they cancelled calc de
xd
didn't learn shit
yea pretty much
just classmates and shit we did
I don't remember shit about my teachers
who hasnt
so that's something
but apparently my sisters teacher still remembers my papers from 3 years ago
my papers were good but holy shit I hated writing them
the big gay
is what we call
paper writing
everyone knows that
8-12 is the least productive time of day
no you dont
also how tf do you mistake 4-7 for 7-10
parsa you have time
btw parsa do you want someone to play markus for combat/skill checks or just handwave him not being there
oof
if its on Saturday aren't you gonna be done with it before
l a m e
not me
because you know, MILO fucked up
we'll just say its what you sent them on before last session and theyre still on it
I put up the missions so you cant flame me again parsley
ill be there in a few
same
aight
ai had the best name
:thinking:
PARSA
what kind of person would want that
theres a solar knight one
wtf
w I s m a d I c
lul
do you remember ai's cantrips
I feel personally attacked rn
chronomancer lul
yea
Fuck
Yea exactly
Where's green guy
no you just have to figure out how to take out this citadel
leaked address
and all I ate was pie
we had 24 people at our house
my sisters friendsgiving was just jett and I flaming each other and making their preppie asses super uncomfortable
that's not the kind of attention that you should want
then sure
if you wanna just stay here and play from my roomates room or smth
what do you gain from telling people that
jeez still
was that at a family dinner or what
that way you don't have to eat super early
mars if you and parsa are deadass coming to the village you guys can chill at my place after
people were over and shit
I was doing stuff yesterday
what the fuck
[11/23/2018 9:11:31 PM] Alix Newton: person is telling us a story about how her cat fucked herself with a dildo when in heat like how tf are we supposed to believe that 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
Idk
Shit sucks
Jett and my sister's bitch ass friends are all here
I wish I could play but I'm home until morning
League pelehands
Yea but my other Pokemon are like 50-60
Instead of like 10 up
I was out leveled this game
Dude they're pretty strong now
After I level him
I want to try to solo the elite 4 with him
And caught him
I was just chaining for a shiny charmander
I don't even like him
Perfect IV shiny given enough steroid to kill an elephant
It out stats a mewtwo 50 levels higher
Seems good man
I just want to share this
Are you guys free tomorrow. I am
Pork and chicken are low tier
Wtf. Beef and lobster
Only
Steak
I knew it
And devour it
Let's ritually kill the worst tasting bird
so unless anyone objects ill get rid of the rest
ok i highlighted the ones you wanted in green
Yea.... Tell yourself that
And walked in
You saw the corral
You all did tho
And their barbarian with like 18 16 20 16 14 14 managed to die
They grouped together backs against a cliff
My favorite fight still has to be the Wolf pack with an alpha that did fire damage
What about flesh golems
or victor ironflex himself getting torn to pieces by a flaming wolf
was the dankest shit
i still think the stalking trees
and I think an ogre walked into camp at night
boar
also the giant board
with little phaselings
as well as a phase spider
do all of the above
or
S P I R E W O O D  T I M E
yea sure
Squirtle -&gt; squirter
I always name my pokemon really dumb names
ninetails ez
and you don't really have to be in game to discuss how to use party gold
the whole point of this was I didn't want to use game time to handle it
you ask the questions
because as the interviewER
normally you ask a specific person a question
you know when you interview someone
I have the power to banish him at will
he disappears
see as soon as mars has to do smth
MAAAAAAAAAAAARS
AND HAVE MARS TELL ME HIS GODDAMN CHOICES AND DEPLOYMENTS
and play eevee
my plan for the day is literally go home
platinum
etc
permadeath
no items
like never evolv
you just have to make the challenge yourself
but also pokemon games are always easy af
for maximum value
so im just gonna start with 6 perfect IV dragonites
you can also transfer pokemon in from go
bones are for dogs
exactly
also the best cuts are boneless anyway
why would you not just remove the bones if youre gonna eat a cut with bones in it
so at least youre half right
is never good
bone in meat
eggs are good so long as the yolk isn't solid
eating meat with bones in is gross
the egg thing
not the bones thing
what do you mean
"Alive"
they've already joined the vard so you know theyre not bumbling incompetents
what could you even want to ask
other 3?
so mars
so 1: the cleric
the specialist adventurers just take their cut from the mission loot
you only pay upkeep and hiring price on rank and file soldiers though
yea theres a section for upkeep in daily silver or monthly gold
If you can afford it
Also lmk if you plan on hiring more than just the twelve spears 
Pick four 
In all likelihood
Won't be six after next
Yea for the last time in a while
They both have guidance
Bless and guidance are different
So which 4
No
Just have to pick the adventures and determine which missions you're sending them on
I mean if you're all ok with mars being captain then it's settled 
Seeing as he's not really divine
Or at least a parasite monster
Nobody's taking the campsite right where a parasite God is rooted
You guys can also still discuss with the captain what to do they're just the face to the army and can edit the sheet
I guess essentially they passively advance the vards war effort and bring back loot, info, etc for you
Etc
And you were given 12 spearmen to start
Oh the other thing was there's 8 adventurers on there so you can pick the 4 you want under your company and the rest go to another
I haven't slept in over a day so my explaining is shot
If you look at the sheet it's clearer I think
And there's a Google sheet to track it
One person is captain and controls troops and a handful of adventures
I put a huge block earlier that tldrs to the party is promoted
No just fucking pick your shit
I don't have the brainpower to flame you
fuck you just do the heroes/troops shit
so I have to demo our game lol
I cant cause my partner isn't here
im dead tired. kill me
i made this tho to replace that janky old map
I didn't sleep like at all
gnight
cool
also figure out whos gonna be captain and which 4 you want
so just lmk any questions or comments or whatever
im probably explaining this real bad but im dead tired
and so with the combined heroes/troops you can assign them to missions
of which you can choose 4 and the rest will go to a different company
so I guess as an example barrack aenwyn is now command post aenwyn and you currently have 12 spearmen and 8 adventurers that wish to join
sheet should auto calculate troop upkeep
as well as bring back stuff or advance the vard's war effort
and as they complete missions if they survive they'll get stronger
you can buy troops with gold and give excess magic items to your heroes
as well as troops that can go with them but are just fairly standard soldiers
you can pick specialists which are full on adventurers that can take on missions
so 1 person will be the "captain" aka can edit the sheet with the groups decision
and because I don't want this to take like 2 hours next session im giving it now
So the day after the Battle for Enlurth, as youre all resting up, Elin comes to your barracks once more. "My apologies for the display yesterday. The wound and the curse upon it addled my mind and I acted unfairly. In any case, our command has suffered losses and we will need capable officers more than ever. Decide among yourselves who is best fit to rise to the rank of Captain. You will still serve as you have, but will be responsible for the actions of those below you. Already, your deeds have spread and now a few who dream of greatness seek to be placed under your command. Notify me when your decision is made, and when you have decided which four are worthy to serve in your company."
etc
or like 77 base 8 is 7x8 + 7x1
like 0x27 or 27 hex is 2x16 + 7x1
transformation of bases is pretty simple
sure but irl youd only need like 12 int to figure it out
shes basically einstein
the wizard has 18 int
cause its a 16s column instead of 10s in second
16 becomes 10
10-15 is a-f
but 10 becomes a
1-9 is 1-9
hexadecimal base
yea mars got it
cause hes salty he cant shitpost like a real professional
parsas hard flaming my ass
cursed_drawing
buddy which one do you think
i was struck by the feeling of art
mars on an average night
i deadass cant draw shit unless im super inspired in the moment
and I mean literally
art is a feeling
also working on campaign is kinda something you just are in the mood for
why this change of heart
mars all you ever do is tell people to play some shitty indie fighter
rip
but guys don't get to wear accessories so
I think its a sick ring
did someone say d a r l I n g
public transport yikes
begging like going up to people or just sitting there
CANCER REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Edited previous message: 
Edited previous message: 
Edited previous message: 
Edited previous message: 
Edited previous message: 
but you can see its output in the console tab
and the javascript is usually within the html
css on the right
html on the left
like go right click inspect element
except web design cause web designs cancer
you know them all
see the trick is once you learn one language
i just haven't implemented it
ive got this great plan
so a site for html, css, javascript, that holds my git projects in C, C#, c++, java, python, and download sites for games in unity
fair. i have to prove to companies i actually know the languages and software tho
i think you can host sites off git for free
and im actually kinda impressed
and then code a site
somehow organize the folders
my plan for winter break is pretty much download every project and clone it into a public one
i have literally nothing except private branches only i can access omegalul
but im way too lazy
and apply for shit
link my git repos
make a website
i have to upload my games and projects and stuff
I see. I feel on the industry people being more important than class tho
if you don't need the lecture you don't need it
that's fucking dumb lol
who does attendance in college
that's unfortunate. at least theyre reusable
were gonna start
well hopefully you get them off soon
you gotta teach her how to manage time early
its the mars special
he says dumb stuff that he never means
same
no
that shits tilting me off the face of the earth
parsa change your gd picture
get fucked
9 and 7
as soon as I tell him gj
parsa rolls 18 15 15 15
oh. ive been roasting him for getting hit lol
so we just kept memeing that hes a pussy and dumb for getting hit
he didn't go to school that one day cause he got hit by a car
yea we did
we roasted him for ages
how do you not remember this
so its still on my mind
I just got done roasting him for it through league
like jett
get hit by a car
no
so are you rerolling
e d g e
name a more fitting duo
you and grave cleric
im ok with that
I need to move to alaska
kms
lol the worst part was I went to sleep with my friend and she left before I woke so idk if she felt the sweat either
that sounds so much nicer
california, why
fucking gross
I literally woke up with my sheets soaked in sweat
also why did it suddenly get so fucking hot
retroactive conversations are valid ones
what else is there to buy
idk man
might as well get a hentai hoodie amirite
so I cant get that
I mean someone bought the other mistborn knife
youll see
just look up ahegao hoodies
and i cant have my family finding that shit in my closet
except id never wear it unless its a special meme occasion
i always wanted one of those hentai hoodies
support makes that hard
lol. i just want to win
get him out of my game
also cause that champ op as fuck
yea but i don't play support cause im not boring
and fuck rakan
except xayah's are 20cm which doesn't fit my wrist
i wanted riot's Xayah and rakan bracelets
midterm season ended so im not obligated to leave for like a month
nah. clothes are for people that go outside
im smelling a watch this year based on my parent's amazon history
itd be less bad if it was socks cause my closet is sparse af
so i always end up buying my own Christmas present
yea. i usually get normie stuff from my parents
but i want to this year
and ive yet to top it
i got myself the second knife in here one year
yea but ours is in a week
its not even thanksgiving and im already looking forward to Christmas tbh
weld lmao. my way is 3d print the mold since i have access to their lab
i don't have like woodworking tools or anything
the only stuff i can actually make has to be of metal
nah
i like collecting stuff made of weird materials
I just want to own some bones
except California disagrees
im sure they can spare a few bones
time
they dig up mammoths all the tim
I live real close to the la brea tar pits
you dig it up
yea that's why I wouldn't feel bad about using their ivory
I think theyre past the point of endangered
its mammoth ivory
fuck you California
and then I realized theres 4 states its illegal in, and somehow I live in one
so I wanted to get this mammoth ivory dice set for myself for Christmas
different
mars's will be
you can change up the eldritch blast based on patron tho
or they suck when everyone gets all their spells every day anyway
see either warlocks op since they get 1-5th spell slots each day while everyone else is struggling after day 1
its pretty rough
theyre doing you short rest on an night's sleep
monkaHMM
I just realized this stream is long rest on a week and short rest on a day
youll never take that away from me
fuck you i loved gemi
how dare you, gemi hard carried
well if you did
she literally said "oh yea, ill go with you. I was bored here anyway"
in her conversation with gemi
yea it was
the guards didn't follow you in with her
you were the first ones to go see her all week
she was just bored out of her mind
no they didn't lol
yea but she never saw you on it either
and only the guards ever saw you on it
you took the Jian
yea but
impress the....guards?
yea. it was funny
yea but it was funny
its like going out looking for dragons when youre just trying to deliver a package to the next town over
on top of it never really being required to fight
and it gave you the choice to back out
you were warned repeatedly that it was really powerful
on the other hand
you had so many chances not to
you chose to fight it
you were playing a fighter stfu
except youd never hit the 1/3 its hp requirement
because that makes way more sense
lmao so it was going to be immune to all magic
Divine magic is all about drawing your magic and learning your magic through a divine lens, whether that's Gods, nature spirits or nature itself. Some cosmic force usually that has consciousness that is bestowing power upon you or that you are tapping into.
also destiny abusing lily is so goddamn funny
yea but their magic is still divine
ignorant cuck
nature magic is divine
so do rangers
druids use divine magic
then he rolls another 18 anyway
and someone died while having a 20 in their primary stat
like 2 hours
destiny/lily is my favorite dynamic
rakshasa is the tiger demon
its pretty dank
with like toast/lily/destiny
are you guys watching the offlinetv dnd session rn
add some gay and drugs
minus the furry and its accurate to milos game
that cost me so many brain cells i forgot murdering people wasn't lawful or good
its dealing with the gay jokes and general downs for 5 of those hours
see its not the 8 hours that's the issue
in my defense, insanity is a valid claim after that
you know I lost so many brain cells that day
you made me kill an innocent man
fuck you, you made me look like an evil retard
and opportunity
given time
youll kill yourself
mars we don't have to kill you
good luck lol
anyway. Ill give a small prize to anyone that can figure out the words
because that doesn't account for the letters
also its not a shifting cipher
you two were surprisingly low
directly ciphered
N Q I C E I E N E L I N S A D A Q A S M Q I N H I E S E M I G H N
and I wouldn't give free letters
im pretty sure if you direct translate its gibberish
thatd be too easy
not directly though
kinda
its a word puzzle
if you can reverse engineer the puzzle itself somehow
the answer is T
but those aren't betting odds
that's true
omegaLUL
this is why I look up online puzzles
dashes
although a hint, the answer is one letter/number
cause I feel like its too time consuming
except im gonna leave it here and see how long it takes
the one I always wanted to use was:
14-17-9-3-5;   9-E;   5-14-5-12-E-9-14-19;   1-E-4;   1-C-17-1-19-13;   17-9-14-8-9-E;   5-19-5-13-9-7-8-14;
except milo solved it in 2 seconds
my first puzzle was "which doesn't belong, 3 5 7 9 11"
that would take way too long to solve
or numbers sequences
cause if it were up to me itd just be logic proofs
99% I have to look up
yea I suck at puzzle generation
lul
luckily I own a car
yea ik
so come
and I don't want to ask christina
also the number of people I can ask to go to the getty is pretty limited
you know the renaissance wasn't that long ago
so I guess next time I go ill take pictures lol
I go to the one by my school like twice a month
really? most natural history museums have a few don't they
no lets go look at nudes of historical rich people
wut
and I want to go look at them
or also the getty center has a collection of nude portraits from the renaissance
look at some motherfucking dinosaurs
you and milo are gonna come
the natural history museum is across the street from my school mars
one of these days im gonna make mars go look at dinosaurs with me
and I regret nothing
id go to great lengths to meme my friends just a bit
which honestly made the date kinda worth it even though I had to break into my own home and fit 2 on my couch
yea this girl he used to like is now the stripper for rocky
especially because I can hold it over milo
dank enough I guess
so like
but I got to see a high school friend naked
like I blew 50 on rocky horror last week
also im always down to drop some money for a good meme
yea
which I have like 100k of
or blue essence
I have it on pbe but not live
whenever hentai addict becomes available
also mars ill change the name
I just watch the meme anime of the year
so it just leads to really awkward conversations
and I don't know shit about hentai or anime
every other game someone talks to me about it
mars because its fucking hilarious
but eve got nerfed
and "nine elevelynn"
before that it was "fakku Friday"
but Id get reported like 3 times a week
it used to be "loli futa trap"
I mean mine is "jinx yuri hentai"
kms
ahahah
which is my boat
lmao a friend of mine got banned on league for the name "tight vi janna" and then again for "choke me daddy uwu" and is now honor 1-3 so they aren't getting season rewards
so im good just doing a chill 30-40 hours a week programming from home
idk. all that matters to me is having stability
but its not great on average
nah you do ok
so I realized they were right about bio being not the best career path
its more like I just kinda think really long term though
Lol kinda
No idk I just roll with whatever
I just do what's expected of me
I don't have dreams
except my parents wouldn't let me bio major or anything
shit ive always wanted to work in an aquarium
and its by far the best
black flag was sick. its more of a pirate game than an AC
black flag &gt; else
sounds nice
its at least 10
not 5
and its all better
but then you make better ones
i hate these people
you get out of high school and then realize
ugh
drew
mina
fuckin shannen
were awful
cause half of the friends i had
you may be lucky
theyre the people you accidentally know and sometimes bang or go do stuff with
just the weird kind
our friends still are nerd
youd have loved it
i still cant believe you didn't come to the bonfire with us in 10th
so its just frustrated and bored adolescent boys
everyones pissed they have to be there and theres no girls
so we'd have like 200 scouts in the woods with all of staff drunk or high
except from the older kids
and so there was like no supervision
we had 10x the usual amount of kids
yea our troop was just extra crazy
so i couldnt
unfortunately i was sent to boy scouts
i also like to avoid stabbings
in 5 years
there was only like 3 stabbings
wed just pull knives and threaten
well youre not actually trying to stab people usually
scouts fights were constant, brutal, and over the pettiest shit
scouts was fucking dumb
literally broke the blade out of a flip blade and ran a rope through the hole meant for the screw
i made a knife whip one camp
a minute in and everyones got their knives out
like 30s in and people are using branches
but that shit gets way outta hand way too quick
ive fought my friends at scouts too
so?
so they weren't really fights
my sister is younger
except
lmao i only ever did like full on fights
ive definitely boxed my sister
have you not fought your siblings
as long as its with your friends and not for real
its deadass kinda fun
which is pretty much being drunk
yea ive never been in a fight that wasn't drunk or at scouts
i guess but when else are you gonna fight
with the sound of a fistfight going on further down in the dark
and puking in an alley
all my most vivid memories of drinking are like it being 3am
and sooner or later crazy shit goes down
see the trick is just have your friends and encourage each others bad ideas
for it to be during
i get drunk too fast
no matter what its entertaining
or get arrested
or you get into a fight or smth
no you get laid after you drink
or do you drink for what comes after
do you actually drink for fun
I need to make harder riddles
milo did too
ayy gz
its cool do it rn
yea
yea
yea no im totally only in it for the girls
musically its pretty boring
idk im pretty sure 90% of the reason I like the kpop song is the visuals
and not even considered skinny by Asian standards
when the kpop dancers and singers behind them are skinnier
and believe it or not people flamed the cgi models for being too skinny and unrealistic
so this was the opening ceremony for the song live right
the standard stuff. metallica, iron maiden, etc
yea that's not the kind of metal I like lol
so I listen to it pretty rarely
no cause again music with voices gives me a headache
I just don't deal well with voices in music
pretty much always
but this is better
I mean I like metal so it was aight
also thicc
vi
thresh
diana
but all the champ logins are and those are actually good
and if you mean in house music jinx's wasnt
like all their music is
those were literally riot hired
those pentakill albums
wrong
and im gonna buy all the k/da skins
that shit fire
you guys see riots new kpop single
its intuitive. youll eventually recognize shape to side count
experience
So can start 8 for sure just gotta leave at 1115
Ok nvm about clash apparently it's beta one day only this time
And we won clash yesterday so if we win first 2 today we have a third and yesterday we barely ended 8. Small chance that the game 3 happens and we have to start 845ish. Sorry guys
Uh so it turns out I have to take that girl after all so I gotta go 1115
I'll pm you
There's more quotes 
It's also not as inspirational or emotional
I love the parts where stuff happens and suffer the rest
Theres more killed kings in the Stormlight prologue than two kingkiller books
But as it is writing doesn't make up for how slow paced it is at times
Yea idk of the story was better and more exciting I'd say it's better
As much as a fictional biography
But I think that takes away from it. The writing is great but it's not "fantasy"
Technically
It is
Kingkiller feels almost like an autobiography 
People
Stories about events, not purple
I like stories where stuff happens
And it just hops between present and past
Not enough happens
I don't care about kvothes specific semester or whatever
Main story needs to move
I'm hard opposite
I thought it was fine. Maybe even slow
And the world building is better
It's faster paced
In any case I still think Stormlight is better because the story is just better
What
For sure
You can
Style you can get from fiction or classic literature
Fair. I think story &gt; style tho
Shows he's capable but stylistically chooses not to 
And speaking of prose the whole chapter in OB "the girl who looked down"
Do you like that more than world and character building though
The characters aren't as good imo
I don't think kingkiller is written better
Of the decade
Imo. Stormlight best series
It's gotta be edgy
If Parsa likes it
Hype
Also worlds in an hour 
That shit edge
You nerd
Stop trying to get people into warhammer
What are you reading?
I see. I'm the opposite since I don't have to move my eyes to read on my phone
I also have pdfs if you want the dnd books free
I scrape barely 600wpm on paper but close to 900 digitally
Digital all the way lol
Also only heretics read physical books
All 10/10 fantasy
Stormlight, mistborn, malazan, ravens shadow trilogy (especially blood song), I liked eragon but objectively it's uhh, kingkiller chronicles, and the magicians
thanks
and like the range
Edited previous message: 
lmk
say so
also if anyone has darkvision
theres clash but it starts 6 so unless we end up winning tonight and getting into finals tomorrow 2 games shouldn't push past 8
yea probably
I'll fucking gut you
MARS
yea cause everyones all "i gotta go make a name for myself and be my own person"
three generations one roof is a common saying
when they have kids they can continue working because their parents take care of the kid
yea i think it works really well
like people live with their parents after college usually
its not a goal in asia
cause being independent and free just isn't a real thing
yea but you can see the culture difference in that you never hear a Taiwanese kid say theyre excited for college because they'll be independent and party and be free
basically the five relationships
as opposed to focusing on duty and responsibility
i was talking more about how western culture focuses on celebrating the individual and personal pursuit of happiness
individualism vs community
and not stability
it can probably be linked to the whole belief that you should pursue happiness
except for a few years where mom was getting tenure and stressed all the time
idk how to classify my parents but they were both awesome
my real beliefs are in numbers
ok mars how much of it do you think i believe tho
and im not wearing anime shirts to class
im not a 20 year old virgin
im reasonably well adjusted for a cs major
and put others first
you get to teach your kids how to compromise
i think that's the point of it
idk. i think that i grew up much more well adjusted because my parents were stable and married
marriage gives them an example of a healthy relationship to model themselves after ideally
than in asia
but theres definitely more parents in America that put themselves and their happiness over their kids
well ok then i guess he shouldn't stay in it
you should stay in their lives
so even if you split
i think that once you have kids you owe them everything you can possibly do to make their lives better
statistics show that two parent homes have more successful kids though
ok but even if you hate your spouse you owe it to your kids to stay together
since its social suicide
and wont get divorced
because unhappy people work it out
like the divorce rate and single parent homes in asia are so much lower
society should teach people that they have to make sacrifices for the greater good and that its ok to be unhappy if it means improving the future for others, especially your children
society shouldn't teach people that they come first
which leads to people leaving their spouse and kids
that being happy is more important than anything else
also i feel like the whole reason for gang violence is the belief that people should care for themselves first and be independent
it doesn't cost much to keep it going
so what if trains are running without people. the metro is electric and driverless
i don't think anywhere in America is that consistent
that almost never miss
well yea but both places have between 2 and 5 minute intervals on trains
if it weren't for the populace
completely implementable in america
this is taipeis
that's their subway in beijing
this is chinas high speed rail
theres no reason America cant
china even has a high speed rail across the country
and its certainly bigger than any US city
Beijing has the same subway system Taipei does
LA isn't bigger than taipei
by public transport
and be anywhere in LA you want to be
then take the bus for 50c
mars imagine you can take the train that arrives every 2 minutes to almost anywhere in the city for less than a dollar
its so nice
trust me
no 2 minutes
or have to stand often
and people don't push and shove
nah it works so that the trains aren't ever super crowded
that's pretty fucked that you even have to say that though
because theres no "us vs them" since everyone is so interconnected
and makes for a more civil society
which in turn decrease crime rates
gives a realer sense of community and country
or across the country in 2
so people can be anywhere in the city within the hour
and trains arrive precisely every 2 minutes
so you can actually use your downtown as a public transport hub
it also works better when you don't have specific ghettos with insane crime rates
turns out capitalism works
its way nicer now though
Taiwan did suck
its definitely better than where my parents were from
idk i think America is pretty great
its racist against Asians and whites
it is racism
and not be accused of racism
its just a way for schools to look diverse
the scores are so heavily skewed
lol
problem is in that case all the top schools would be Asian with a few whites
yea they should just get the numbers
at the end of the day theyre less qualified
i mean but who cares what the reason is
but based on those they assume your race
just name and zip code
not race
perfect score vs pretty far from perfect
aka an Asian kid with a 1600 is the same as a black kid with a 1400
but that was on the old SAT so squish the points by 2/3
its smth like whites need normal scores, Asians need like 50 points higher, Mexicans can get away with 50 points lower and blacks can do up to 150 points lower for the same results
they do in engineering
means we're getting dicked with a bunch of admissions that aren't deserved
the fact that I have a speech prepared to break the news to kids that theyre not the smartest in the class and not even the smartest in the office hours room
we're literally getting shafted with a bunch of incompetents because the dean doesn't want our major to look like its Asians and Indians only
its not a race thing its just facts
stfu
i mean i can see their scores
and i think most of the white kids are affirmative action
no ik its just cause my major is litearally all Asian or white
there'd probably be a lower fail rate
so if the other's spot had gone to one to begin with
its almost never the Asian kids
drop
but so many of the non Asian kids are the ones that struggle in CS and the ones that dro
like this is going to sound super racist but i don't mean it in a racist way
and so society as a whole loses because the more talented one isn't getting as good an education
cause their spot goes to someone less qualified
it also keeps a lot of truly talented people out of top schools
that being born Asian means you have to try harder
i mean i just think its unfair
mars you know that it helps you tho
but that's secondary
also fucking me on entrance exams
single handedly decreasing the percentage of bangable girls from 45% to 10%
fuck you affirmative action
instead of just like 20%
if affirmative action weren't a thing thered be like 90% Asians here
so its double fucking me
meaning less Asian girls
and also cause theres less Asians here
it makes my life harder cause I both have to score better
just makes my life that much harder
cause why the fuck is it a thing
but then again if it were up to me affirmative action wouldn't be a thing for uni either
a portfolio you can somewhat control since theyd have a name on it
are the stuff you can control
like monitored exams and gpas and shit
essay doesn't mean shit because theres no proof you wrote it
i feel like acceptance should be based on your portfolio
lol shit im just here for the degree
since theres like 16k people each year that apply with perfect scores
your score is pretty non-competitive at like 1500 tho
max score on sat is 1600
probably the best candidate actually
a lot of people just say "low chance" or "no chance"
cause i can crush their spirits
those are the kids i love seeing in my office hours
and its like bro, calm yourself
like they'll brag in their post about being valedictorian or whatever
but turns out a tiny Midwest school doesn't mean shit
like again, theyre all top of their school so they think they'll be top of the class and breeze through
kids who overestimate themselves
or "what are my odds with a 2.7 and a 1400, usc is my dream school"
nah theres also like "can I double major CS and pre-med"
school wouldn't weight it
lul
my gpa was uh 3.7
yea but like they just ask dumb shit like "Can I get into engineering with my 2.9"
i use it to register the easy GEs
for parties or like knowing which classes to take
that think theyre smart
and half of them are dumbass Midwest kids with like a 4.0 but a 30 ACT or smth
every year its full of "can i get in with x gpa and y SAT scores"
is fucking great
the usc subreddit during app season
you know how rn is college app season
the worse they are at their major
but like the more yikes the kid looks
and then the Asians are always the ones just breezing
are always the ones doing ok
while the normal looking kinda fit ones who could pass for a normal major kid
are always the ones struggling like a motherfucker
like the super nerdy ass cs kids who smell like shit and have the worst faces
why are the yikes kids always the dumb ones
also
are a major yikes
dude the people desperate enough to go to professor office hours
but idk if its relatable
i have a meme
wait have you guys ever gone to a professors office hours
see that's when you just fail them
and just be conveniently sick on midterm week
the best way to survive office hours is get some boba and the nice headset
no then they come in and interrupt my chill session
im honestly getting a sign that says "Do not enter unless your code compiles and runs"
that's how i feel whenever someone comes in and first thing they say "my code doesn't compile"
if you need office hours youre a talentless hack
these are the kids that come into office hours
also
for engineers
because why the fuck are essays a thing
i can write a thousand lines of code in less time than a page of an essay
me too
paper done
boom
A -&gt; B, B-&gt;C, A-&gt;C
yea but why though
i always feel like im reiterating
my point is usually made in like a page and a half
dude that shits hard
busy
im
ok
i need you to understand i have like 3 hours of class a week
and don't want to play some new indie bs
mars you cant sell it to us cause were busy as shit
so you aren't begging companies for a job
luckily my field is way understaffed
eh im picky. i was gonna apply google and facebook but they do sketchy shit
and i can take the L on cash
tbf tho i want to intern at a game company anyway
yea basically
so...
except she tries way harder
shes also maybe the only person as talented as I am
ive mentioned her
and has a lot of hot friends
is gay
shes from taiwan
the gay one
ive talked about her
dude shes my cousin
minus whatever food and rent costs in seattle
shes legit getting smth like 40k over two months
im actually so pissed Kelly got a Microsoft internship
let me get back to you in 2 days
like shit you wanted 3 lights and 5 objects
is a bitch
yea the reason why is cause ray tracing with more than 2 lights
and google isn't even looking for specialized interns
dude google pays interns 15k a month + rent which is another 7k
and I am gonna be so goddamn harsh
but hey at least i get to judge other people's implementations next year
cancer assignment
using various methods of subdividing the scenes and lights to avoid redundant calculation
that are a close approximation
but theres a few theories and implementations of "faster" ways to do it
so for Pixar and them its a few days to render a scene
however that takes like 1000x the time
but that's not as realistic as firing light beams from light sources to each object then calculating their path around the room until they hit the camera
basically the way light tends to work now in a game is it back traces a beam from camera to object then to light sources to see which are affecting each pixel
and movies
video games
since 70 is an A
so i can kinda dick this assignment
on the bright side i still have 100 in the class
aka kill me i don't want to implement ray tracing
this paper is our "intro to the next assignment"
this is how you derive the formulas for splines
no this is for the roller coaster assignment
for him to get it wrong
i don't need to tell him the wrong thing
these are the lecture slides
theres no way he doesnt
like I fucking struggled
that course is a fuckin nightmare
and itll be funny
i mean im gonna
which logically makes more sense as my topic
but the statement about perfection was related to programming
you ape
it was implied
no i said programming is like magic
its basically like magic, it requires tons of study, most people find it too difficult to be worth learning, a little mistake throws everything off, and youll never be shit compared to people with real talent anyway
the human mind is accustomed to "good enough", its not wired for perfection
nobody does everything right
dude its a programming course
gonna fail his dumb ass SO HARD
im hyped
dude i get to TA my roommates class next semester
or outside
no reason to go to the gym
like if i did the challenge id basically be a troll this month
idk i mean whats the point
im not dumb enough to take challenges i cant win
im not doing that shit
so hes got the easiest time doing the challenge
see that's not fair cause nobody wants parsa to begin with
didn't you challenge miles or smth
mars are you doing nnn
i wish we had a festival that sounds so funny
when in reality they just don't have the talent
that all claim "their talents were wasted there"
business school is half CS rejects
theyre the ones most deserving of it
nah i just flame the people that drop out of my major
id flame art majors but i almost was one
its so fun to watch
their soul breaks and their world shatters
then when it dawns on them theyre just middle to bottom of the barrel
its always funny seeing that shock though. like they were all top of their school and always smartest in the room
they just weren't good enough
like theyre all top 1% of students in the country
like in all honesty most of the people that dropped or i failed weren't dumb
"try not to cry, and if you break, leave the class. thanks"
lol that's sounds alien af to me. our lectures are "i hope you have natural intuition and talent or you wont understand shit"
gotta filter the idiots you know
one section
our sophomore classes are about 40 people
our freshman classes start like 200 people and 2 sectiosn
after midterm 2 we were down to 60
i loved it
by the lecture after midterm 1 the class was half empty
about 50 people never picked it up
yea I graded the first midterm with a 40% average or smth
ended like 47
i think the one I TA'd it started 150 people
its like 50% fail rate on a good semester
I TA'd a filter class
cause they assumed id stay overtime just to finish their hw
made like 8 freshmen cry
10/10
cause youre not a public school teacher and if they pass or fail it doesn't matter
but also you can tell people to fuck off as a TA
I don't think anyone really liked me as a TA
"oh youre crying cause you'll fail if I don't help you? sorry bruh my hours are up and i gotta play some league."
like "oh youre panicking cause a huge assignment is due 2 days and youre stuck here. Read textbook chapter 12-1 through 13-3 youll find the answer somewhere"
and when they are there you aren't obligated to help them beyond small hints and pointers
so you basically get paid to reddit
nobody shows up unless midterms or hw is due
its so easy you just chill at the lab
I TA'd a course
its economically way more efficient to hire TAS
which is like 10-15 hours of professors time
400 a week x 3 TAs is 1200 a week
they get like 20 hours a week at 20 bucks an hour
TA's are way cheaper than professors
its just "go talk to the TA
lmao half my professors wont even hold office hours without appointment
i wouldn't know. the only ones im "close" with were the ones whos labs i worked in
i cant imagine being legit friendly with one
damn. i know like 2 professors names and ive never spoken to one outside of class
does art school do tenure
wait was he not tenured
tenured ones are set tho
teaching track professors are fucked
pay depends on what track professor tho
i should reconsider my career path
turns out its actually just a pretty sick gig overall
and basically unable to be fired
also only working 2 days a week on campus is nice
so assuming annie gets in too its like a 400k signing bonus
"hey come here we have more money AND if your kids get in they get free tuition"
basically
they sniped a bunch of people from her old company with it
yea my mom literally only took the job because of the tuition benefit
so...
but 80% of professor's kids get in
ye. i think its about 20% of faculty kids get in and get free tuition
its the 900iq play
cause they never get in
so they don't have to pay for like the cleaning staff's kids
the perk applies to all faculty so you have to get in without mentioning your parent
i just don't pay cause she works
technically I go cause I got in
cmonbruh
and I go to school
I don't legally own a car
and he doesn't have to pay it back
dude its like 6-7k a semester
wheres my 7k huh trump
which is bullshit
he doesn't need a job he has that government money
or was that jerry and milo
weren't you and milo gonna move in at some point
you live with your family but pay rent?
parsa and mars you two just hate it cause youre trash
so clash is this weekend
same
uh
but idk if hes counting them in his 3 famous people
mars apparently saw lilypichu and offlinetv
I met gabe from the office on a hike
but ive bumped at least 15 lcs players
the ones I like are mostly e-famous
or youre blind as hell
so either you just don't like 99% of actors
Arnold S goes trick or treating on montana
we live next to Hollywood and you've only met 3 famous people?
on day 1
this is how mars lost no nut november
get on call and ill explain
hmm ok. I did get out of going to the date on the bright side so we don't have to rush
aight. np
yea I kinda just told her I feel sick cause I was at the doctor anyway this morning and took a picture
parsa its called letting them down easy
so it doesn't look like an excuse
and sat say im still sick
I could just say Friday im sick
yea maybe
yea that's not gonna work cause I have to see her sunday too
lifes hard dude
at this point though I either go or I fake an injury or smth
I mean its not a bad plan but like its pretty bad
Lol I tried
But I haven't come up with a good excuse yet
Same. I got roped into it and don't want to go at all
lol I meant saturday
guys I have a date 11pm so either were gonna go a little shorter than last time or we can start early. lmk which you prefer
disguise is int
32 minutes and 4 here already lol
mostly skype tho
theres background music on roll20
i just run a Linux shell on it now
and I hate ios
yea same. also my laptop is apple
but at least I get to be on my pc instead of at home on laptop
I don't have a camera on my computer
i just wish it was billable lol. could've made 1600 if it was for a client and not a class
and its documentation is awful
its just that normally its all abstracted beneath some other software cause its really low level stuff. like straight on the gpu calls
that was kind of an exaggeration im pretty sure its still updated and used by windows
count so far is 30 hours and 500mb into this assignment
its awful. same class i had to do the pixel data to heighmap converter for
this shit is so awful nobody has updated it since like the html days lol
id rather be at the dmv
mars ive been programming catmull-rom splines all day
im pretty out of it
idk ive been doing this shitty assignment all day
26 hours and 34 minutes
we've been over this hyperBruh
gdi
did you call the group mars
mars
im still in lecture so I cant really do much
if you need help mars and parsa are good with r20
done
ill get you one rq
oh shit
yea either on the front of your character sheet or in the bio tab
with a lot of room for discussion and getting to know each other and how they do things
my plan was jump right into it. get a mission from captain arnor and see it done
should be fine. 8pm pst sat. mark the time
so I might be slow to take turns since I cant have 5 sheets open across a tiny screen and stuff
instead of my nice ass headset and pc
ideally this week. im gonna be at home and not my apartment though so im stuck on my laptop with apple earbud mic
thanks
or league chat lol
I do but I mostly use skype
I don't mind
changeling is an actual race
i swear you told me sorc
or sorc
wait you said wizard
mars is sorcerer
yea he hadn't said anything
yea who was that
i just don't want to do it with a glitchy mouse
its fine. its just d4 series
since my mouse broke and i cant complete my series
i main aram as of the last 2 days
so its doubly awful
it also keeps mars from playing league with us
its a bad video game
get out
absolver sucks
oh
ive been working on the background knowledge sheet
i didnt
and are they not made of solid stone
do your books not weigh 5lbs
and itll annoy you when youre over
you just put in weights for items in the inventory
the sheet calculates it automatically
yea
yea go for it
mars?
idk what the tutorial is so im gonna assume yes
ill allow it if anyone needs to get like a +2 in their main stat lol
is your main stat under a 14
and handouts
if you go to the tabs at the top one should have the character sheet
and in the right hand side is the chat
yea you launch the game
i don't see you in it. do you see the campaign map in the background
are you on the roll20 page
or just copy paste the text into feats and abilities
i believe you can drag in stuff from the compendium for the most part
mars and parsa are the ones who are good at it
and then for character sheets im not as good cause i make npc sheets
to roll 4d6 and drop lowest automatically
or /roll4d6d1
you can macro stuff like /rollXdY
roll20 is probably easier
also everyone can modify and see the handout for stuff to be remembered yea
just lmk
or anything
also if anyone has questions about the backstory
yes
for all
no just 4d6 drop 1
what can i do
Christie wont text me back
but hey
like a 6
3 for 3 so far
and you know me i always get stuck with an Asian girl that's weirdly into me
we have a project together
some girl
i had to book my ass back to my computer to give you your sheets lol
mars I wasn't even eating I was at christinas place and didn't see the chat going on
also if you guys are rolling stats were doing 4d6 drop 1
already
on the page
you graffitied
mars that title
omegalul
base game is for nerds
always skip to dlc
Yea lul
Yea I'm down. I can leave Friday night or sat as long as I'm back by Sunday night
Aren't we doing this weekend
wait cmon
:^)
The 25th is a Monday. We aren't planning to dip Sunday night?
take charge
be decisive
it aight
pre tax
x 52 = 416k
40 x 200 = 8000
no you wont
Michael told him already didn't he
not thotbox?
which is why id rather big sur
so its not new
the thing is ive probably camped in 80% of that forest
I want a more private site
I'm gonna bring those round glass ones
who likes apple juicce
which is also fun
we could start a forest fire
but if we go to angeles forest
I want to ride a seal
has seals
big sur
that feels wrong
in the redwood forest
theres no campgrounds
cause that' sounds lit
wait are we allowed to camp in the redwoods
big sur
but like
and less lame
is 100x nicer
big sur
boys
north
fuckin
far
where can I gather a team
I voted bumfuck nowhere in the north
no fuck you
we should reserve soon
fuck josh
josh?
but idk how much we can carry five miles
yea that's about how far we have to go
just kind of cancer
idk. its doable
of others
but we want to be out of sight
so we might be able to make it farther
I guess Joshua tree is pretty flat
with backpacking packs any of us could go 10 miles with 100lbs but without I don't think we can go more than a mile with 50
is most of the weight
along with the stove
and water is heavy
we need to bring water
well if we backpack out
or bring many things
also idk if anyone else owns backpacks so we cant go far
the problem with backpacking to a site is they kick your ass out if they find you
cause they'll be in their own and youll be in yours
you don't have to deal with people on a reserved site
like burgers or anything else that you don't need excessive prep or cooking for
we can cook decent food though
campsites aren't that expensive
probably only around 100 if you don't drink
its not as expensive as youd think either
i want to go see cucks getting yelled at while they make my food
fuck yea michael
sure but mars kept saying we don't need to pack food or cook
does anyone wanna eat at hells kitchen
actually deadass speaking of food tho
what can i say
i mean, I'm not
mars i see you typing. its not cause youre black
I'm not sold on mar's quality as a food expert
same but the thing is
thats fucking retarded
who goes camping and gets restaurant food
anyway
i just googled for the effect
cause you guys don't have access to it
i cant link the study they quote
stuff that costs more tastes better
they cant be that upscale
looking at their site
yea but they have indian food here
mars why do you want indian food so bad
that sounds uncomfortable
fuck bugs
idk about you but I'm sleeping in a tent
thats part of the fun is winging shit on the fly
we just deal with it
if we forget something
we can make do with a knife, lighter, clothes, and bag if we have to
and lighter
we aren't children that need to extensively prepare to camp
stfu about the sheets omegalul
like i just have plastic camping utensils
thats my plan anyway
that's fine
i do have 2 jetboilers tho
i have everything but a stove
I feel like you should all own utensils and plates
what other supplies do we need
that's bitch shit
also who goes camping then gets food made for them
nah just pick up the food the day before or morning of
is that place in the campsite or smth
cook whatever in a pan on the other
boil rice on one side
bring in one of those double burner stoves
we can boil rice
wait actually do they have outlets
we cant bring a rice cooker
what are you gonna do, drive out for food each day?
but I'm totally down for ramen too
easy af and tastes good
the best meals for scouts were kbbq and burgers
I mean the fun way is bring in ingredients and make shit
tbh I thought it might have been legal
so I'm down to get a stove and do that
cause at scouts we used to make legit meals
what are we cooking anyway
"when can you turn right on red"
like "can you legally throw an animal from a vehicle while in the countryside"
its just a bunch of obvious questions
and pass
you can literally read the handbook in line to take it
diego...wtf
youre all adults now fuckers
man the fuck up and get one
and if you dont
who has their license
and piss on dead trees
no yea we can legit pack in all the water
like far enough where we don't need a permit cause nobody will find us
I'm totally down to camp away from the official sites
are we forcing milo to organize this lol
ez
Joshua tree
nah
but when your mom says it
you don't believe us
so when we tell you its lit there
that drops a stone on whatever dumbass goes under it
we could build a trap
get real primal
lets just sharpen sticks and throw it at any animal we see
fuck that
Edited previous message: bugle is for reveille
bugle is for reverie
I have a knife
diego ill fight you
but its not gross
like we still earned food
then order pizza
what about we kill something
fuck you that's no fun
idk
go spear fishing
but one of the days we should just hunt or smth
I mean idk when youre doing shrooms
you aren't gay enough for that
you guys aren't scouts
and find our spirit guides
and build a shelter
and then we hunt our food
just sleeping bags, water, firewood, lighters, and knives
or tents
but we don't pack in food
what about we go to leo carillo
like none of this car camping shit
I want to go somewhere we legit have to hike shit into
and its not that hot at night
Joshua tree is where its at
like we could hike our stuff into camp
tbh tho hardcore camping is gonna be lit as fuck
its the best place
unless you want to hardcore camp
yea
gtfo
cause Joshua tree is hot af
out of everywhere ive been that's top tier
leo carillo is lit af
where at though
speak for yourself but I'm bringing the air mattress
that shits for children
"pack adequate gear"
"oh no we need to all bring the ten essentials"
is this boy scouts
lmao what is that shit
lol
can you hear us
yo
might as well
atlas didn't answer so
I guess we'll wait for you
"im retarded" - mars
Hurry up and get home
You have the big gay
Nobody cares
I just got home
do it now
yes kill him
you can try
but leon got drugged and forgot that
Ahn killed 2 dudes
ready?
l m a o
fuckin double tap your bitch ass
ill take the consent
I own a crossbow
for real
and actually shoot you
mars ill go to your house
is wrong with you
the fuck
nah im in a raid rn until 8
8
usual time
atlas and grim, you guys good
y e s
with kai's forces north of the Havanth Mountains and the Alkathar forces holding them in Karan's Divide
which has currently pushed down past mereleth's princedom and is now in the unclaimed princedom
and a map of the current battlefront
1 quote from vividal's library that Asan would have heard or read in his time at the order
2 new things
etc
back to king sachiel to see how you can help the war
far away and hide
north to hunt and kill kai
where were you guys planning to go with nierya next
also parsa is moving apartments tomorrow anyway
yea. its not a good time for most of us it seems
so it would be a struggle for me regardless
lmao I was gonna say I have a thicc assignment due Monday and a party going on at my apartment tomorrow night anyway
and multiattack
yew just had a lot of spells he never used
no that was letho
dead but gloriously so
and wiping almost all life off an entire continent in the aftermath
causing the downfall of humankind's greatest empire
yea but it was spectacular. ruining the coronation of a demigod and downing thousands, and hundreds of angels before being taken out
v a l u e t o w n
it was actually a psychic sword-mage. max use of nierya's magic and swings, while also being a glass cannon that benefits off being continuously revived by her
what even was Yew's class
It was a perfect match
Yew was psychotic with a desire to dominate as well as an arcane caster with sword skills
as both a mage and a fighter
he was one of the wielders most in sync with nierya
nierya is very willing
and if you guys want yew to come back
so it may be difficult to call her back regardless
well shes one of the few elves to ever escape the cycle of rebirth
otherwise you can go to king sachiel and ask his opinion on whats best for alkathar
well leon has information on Iouns Champion who is a suitable target for nierya
again, nierya will only bring back someone with the Elder Blood
even then she wasn't elven
but she is now
how can she be worthy
bitch wtf shes drow
oh
no I don't get the 1000 items reference
I don't even understand that reference
again, they have to be a person Nierya would find worthy
her recommendations are still Lilith, Pravaal, Lyreth, and Gemi
But if you don't want to take nierya's advice, think of others
that's...not the big concern
but youd make nierya very happy letting Lilith back
well unless you have better ideas
Of all the wielders, she was her favorite
Nierya liked her
and leaves one for gemi
Pravaal, Lilith, Lyreth makes 3
personally, she wants to bring back her previous wielders
but he cant force nierya
He can suggest people
unless you prove otherwise you'll have it
Ultimately all benefits are neirya's to command and she finds you three worthy enough having had you free her
Nierya is a supremacist though so she will only raise someone with the Elder Blood, aka elves, otherwise youre on your own if you want to raise someone dead for the job
So you should come up with others, or go to the King and have him nominate generals for it
Also, white eyes says that since nierya can ascend 7, you should decide upon 4 more to gain her blessing. Since King Sachiel is going to need them to turn the war anyway, seeing as 4 won't be enough especially when they have no command or armies
yes but you did it
Because you told said horror about how much she means to you
You also got him stabbed in the first place
his token is so good
what he would have been after saving his people and conquering the primordial frost
kinda. king Elin is his finished arc
lmao
you forgot the fire druid who hates dragons
you fuckin idiot
yea
white eye's exposition on Izoldi for Valyra
you were just helping cio who did
nobody else took his deal
also mars got his item beforehand
tbf he did return it in a way
atlas can you hear us
because that's always a valid concern with you
we thought you died
and die
did he spill the spaghet on his head
where tf did mars go
unless youre alqaeda
if youre in the normal martial arts range
doesn't even work
throwing dynamite
that's some bitch shit boi
lmao
you couldn't even take dodgeball at scouts
youd lose against mars irl
tbh
I mean im down to just start
wanna start then?
aight
so far everyone but grim is up
but yea if you guys want to start im down
yea she is
if we want to start soon
im ready
that's rough lul
aight
is that like a one time thing
im good
so his human half went to the gardens while his divine half remained in the tomb
it literally states he gives up the divine part of his soul by the end
gemi was just some dude
she was literally the avatar of a celestial
to get away from you
only for a little bit
yea gemi had a fucking adventure after yall idiots died or went to the gardens
except like one
its actually all gemi
theres a lot of GEMI CHANCE on there
hey parsa
I thought it wouldn't go as far as it did
I mean I'm blaming myself
Mb
I had a date go late
15
I'm on ghee walk back
Getting on
Ok I'm home
Nvm I'm on the way. Should only be 20 late
That'll teach you
I might be an hour late. Traffic back might suck
Reeee
Tasted like it. Also mars. Space jam 2 when
I can deal with traps if it means not driving to Pasadena for Kobe 
Mars idk how you hate this place. This hot pot place has Kobe beef belly and the plaza has pressed juice and shit. So much better than la
so not on the weekend
nah. earliest I can do is monday
hmm
oh wait. im going to san Francisco this weekend...
so, usual time then
wtf
I cant see that message from mars on my comp but I can on my phone
What
so next week ill be prepared well
its aight. I played wow all week and had not as much as usual
you fucking piece of shit mars wth
fuck off and just join
mars wtf are you doing in chat
ready?
isn't that what alarms are for
didn't draw anything either lul
played bfa all week so I have to prep it tho
im good for tomorrow
It’s only like 13$
See. Wagyu is a common thing here
mars where are you
"exactly 830"
well mars are you here
Mars. Promptly 830
Actually that’s not bad cause I can go farther to grab dinner then
you bitch
paying for windows LUL
^
that's not what thermal compound is
I used it
lul
yea put out on the bed
if its an issue you can just get a dehumidifier
but its fine unless "very damp" is condensing
that's not ideal
the only suboptimal place is like right in the sun
basement pc should be fine unless you have leaks or smth
I think I only have 2
idk about fan slots lol
as long as it fits you know
case doesn't really matter. I think I just took one from my garage
its like a powerful engine with old wheels
its meant to run with an i7
youd be wasting a lot of the 1080 potential with it
id check on that
theres a site that I don't remember that tells you part compatibilities
yea that's really good
so if you stall a bit longer you get more value
like the 1070 is almost a 980ti
id wait for the 1170 cause itll be equal to the 1080 roughly
nah theyre always overpriced at the start
they can work together but different parts optimize more
and compatibility with the motherboard
I have no idea about that. youll want to check compatibility with the 1080 because its a lot newer than those old cpus
if you scale anything down it should be graphics card and cpu
ram is cheap too
that's too little
nah
so yours is easily enough
I have a 6 core i7, 1080, 32gb ram and its def overkill
you probably don't need ridiculous specs tho
and all the new stuff
idk. I bought brand new everything
ye
that's probably morally good
by a long shot
youre the closest to good
you've fucked up so much we cant tell anymore
youre like the boy who cried wolf
the last 2 weeks you've been a fuckboi. don't pull that shit again
I swear mars
the version with red in the hair looks weird to me
because its the most finished
yes
oh also if anyone wants the finished art that's on the Daughter's bio
except its actually easier if you answer thursdays
yea
lol. I usually ask on thursdays
mars....
same time as usual?
It is impossible to reconcile the spelling “geas” and the pronunciation /geSH/
fuckin hurry it up there mars
lets start
well ok
ur mom gay
mars stfu and go home
lol. maybe if you switch to worshiping asmodeus
they cant bend like mortals or comprehend different opinions because theyre convinced theyre always right
even the angels are like that. beings of a plane of existence are hard wired to that alignment and that way of thought. same as how demons can only choose to destroy
depends on the god but none see things in shades of grey. something is either absolutely right or its wrong. so for most gods, becoming a devil is wrong and no matter the reason they wouldn't support it
youd have to have a very good reason for your diety to continue providing you power
as a cleric? probably not
and the cycle continues
then they contract souls of others to rise in power
yes. theyre tortured until they break and become devils
them
weaker ones, bound to the
devils turn souls they own into other devils
white eyes could always use more souls and more servants
well youre free to do it
see I didn't realize that
ah
youd have to find someone to break that if you wanted to keep the souls
well its not too late. although the device is enchanted so that the souls are brought right to his little corner of the hells
you capture them, they belong to him, he gives you something extra
that was the deal white eyes was offering
the dc for them is Charisma 17 to escape
mars was given a soul catcher. as long as he uses it within a minute of death it should work
so he cant attack people
well I wont give him the character sheet
so lets just do that. he said you can be cio for now
he said to start at 8
yea. I just don't like restaurants without a cohesive menu so
they just try to be trendy
idk if they are
pretty much
its just a normal restaurant
where they have a non-cohesive menu made of whatever is in season
nothing. that whole area is just "fresh" food
dumb trendy stuff
or I guess its mushroom toast there but you know what I mean
hah. aight whatever hurry your ass up and enjoy your gay ass avocado toast millennial food
and was it the really gay tall Mexican guy
did they seat you yet
that's fucking hilarious
lmao. holy shit I cant believe youre going there
for butchers daughter?
and its just as good
butchers daughter is right next to it
its good but its not worth the wait
fuck waiting for that place
hhahaha wait I was just there
ik its not a fancy French dinner
how are you at dinner for 2 hours
yea. mars just hurry it up and be back by 8
I'm d to start but Idk what's going on with mars
you ape
you said you have no work
agreed to it
you fucking
mars
but otherwise, deals are final
if you want more from him
well theres always soul collection
and help is something in short supply
it just helps you
whats with all this over a ring
9/10
if that was a threat. it was solid
yikes
hahhaa
well. I think you gave it to valyra anyway
devils aren't known for ethical trade practices
theres no clause for buyers remorse
well, you accepted it
Yup
so lets do that
at the normal time
nvm atlas said he can make it
I can do whenever since im just drawing
aight. what time are you guys thinking then
unless grims ok with it too
nah lets do the usual time
yea ik. only with jett
lul
yea. then again maybe silence means theyre ok with the usual
g -&gt; f, a -&gt; a, y -&gt; t. interesting cypher there mars
.
mars is this your experiment
same time this week?
there was
old one was boring imo
repainted nierya
yea. nobody wanted the staff of frost
nobody needs a staff anyway
kys
nierya
fetch quest
aight mars heres what happened
monkaHMM
eladrin artifacts vs white eye's treasure
literally burned 7 spell slots to miss 7 attacks
green = really high damage but mars cant land hits
Mister Belmont you coming?
kk
lets do this
well
ye
Ironic
Go touch uti and Milo in your gay ass orgy
Fuck outta here
You're a fucking idiot mars
My PTSD is triggering
Stop. Get out jett 
It's accurate 
Parsas charisma is like a -3
its a staff of thunder and lightning
anyway yea
only cause nobody else wanted it haha
I believe others are at work then which is why we do the usual time 
scheduling was aids this time
its better nobody sees the old one
ik
and I don't have to keep using the my hero academia guy lol
so I flat shaded the new kai picture
Wtf is your schedule. Let's just stick to tomorrow. I kind of like it as a consistent thing anyway
Is anyone able to do 8 today. Otherwise same time tomorrow
yea. im thinking either sat without mars or Friday if possible
but for real mars try to get out of that shift
well like always I can do Fridays too
we'll see when we get more responses
I mean if were good for sunday that's fine too
and were good lul
mars just get out of that shift by sat
than skip
id rather do it without mars
sunday is worse for the east coasters cause they cant go late
well fuck you get out of that shift so we can do sat
no matter how obvious it is
they cant call you out on it
again
its foolproof
if they call you out then they look like the assholes
and you need to see your shrink at that time
mars claim youre traumatized from that shootout
we all good for same time this week/
like adowible wittle girls
you all actually have morals
I think the secret is
you could've left that one crippled
due to being sealed away or another reason
most will find them but its possible some wont
same as the demons
the souls that got released were searching for their vessels
ready?
no
mars are you home yet
yea
so far so good for same time, 8pm tmrw
Get hit by a car
I like my sleep
Hey man. Get hit by a car. Pull a jett
So far it looks like same time as last week so I guess that's what's happening
I mean I don't. I'm going to sleep
Which is doubly retarded
Business
Yea like out in the country
He's actually retarded
Mars he goes to private Christian college
He's like barely upper middle class and thinks he's refined as fuck about cars and shit lol
Yea. It was gay as hell too 
Yea you remember when Michael was getting heated about engines and then like welfare or smth
Half the time I just take the opposite stance for fun
Also again idc what you broke idiots think when you spam that other chat with politics shit
I didn't lol. Milo did and I never switched that shit back
By changing Skype names
So I don't need to roast people passive aggressively
Mars you have to understand I don't care about any of your opinions
Like Parsa is SAME cause he's always salty
I still have everyone as variations on the word same
Boy let's not talk about Skype names 
Not learn about his life
All I want to do is harass mars
Yea c'mon 
a. youre retarded. b. don't be and just leave at 630 4head
well get a shift cover then
come in to camp
real fast
I can get you sick
hey mars
lol...
so like I can do 1,2,3
so type 1 if you can do Friday at like 8pm pst, 2 for sat at 8pm, 3 for sunday at 6pst
otherwise, fri or sun
but yea same time or later if we do sat. cant do earlier
lol. unless youre a phd student at usc i don't think its the same one tho
i have a bbq going on so im probably not out of that until like 8
id rather do Friday/sunday
unless its late
me too probably
ready?
I mean demons speak it
sylvan too
elvish in alkathar
1:45
his dick is probably shriveled anyway
also he's 130 years old
stat buy gets you to 15 15 14 10 8 8
by a bit
thats above average
what are your stats
by killing his dad
so the Lady is paying you to enable him to run for king
meaning it falls to the King's eldest who is in most people's view, worse
but he doesn't allow his son to bid
since the current one is "dying"
Rinasel wants his son to bid for king
mars this is why everyone is under average health
normal way. either pick average or roll your hit die
:thinking:
people still die/go unconscious
and yet
the dot inside ALV
Amnenfall is the capital of his lands
we'll see at the start what Amnenfall is like
which was a shithole mostly run by a thieves guild
you were in falconrest last session
I guess that's for you to decide
and 5000 &gt; 1500
but if you kill/silence/change the mind of High-Prince Tirael you'll get paid 5000
plate is 1500 lol
for bringing the crystal back
no im pretty sure you got 500 total
we'll say he gets that too
100 each?
whatd you get paid for the last job
default stuff but level 4
by loli futa trap
imagine getting killed
was so fucking dank
dude that shit
my mental after talking to him
you know what is broke tho
goddamn do i feel broke
im sitting around in a handwoven silk robe waiting for a sushi delivery
imagine that
he called me poor
i got in a lobby with him and francisco
deserves it
but yea dual
triHard7
i mean
think about the irony of that statement
mars
why didn't i just get that back
i forgot i had loli futa trap
fuck
and just flame him hard
that, or add dualtwin
Jinx Yuri Hentai
well if anyone wants to add me
yea
banned
fuckin 2-20 and you don't ff
when its clearly lost
is not ffing
i feel like the real perma offense
so now i just play on a gold smurf and say whatever i want
idk why its punishable
you can just mute
being flamed online isn't like being bullied
getting reported is retarded
but it wasn't a perma it was just like a 2 week
except to someone else
do the same shit
lmao. we had a friend hieu
like 2 kills and hes done
hes a tilter
hes like plat-low diamond
ik. i played with him recently
hell yea. im tryna be a jinx one trick now tho
that's like a years worth of chat but its somewhere in there lol
aight
i just play jg
im too boosted to lane
so its a normal sheet again
and cancel that shit
go to the second tab where its "charactermancer"
also atlas if you found the character sheet
just totally fucking gay
star guardian border for the early buy
ruby border
i just want to look fabulous in loading screen
blends into the background
onyx boring as fuck border tho
rito pls
i just want a red border
i mean
yea 100%
and never promote just for the border
id stay ruby 1
i hope its ruby
ruby and idk what
like one above plat under diamond and one between silver and gold
although i heard theres gonna be 2 new tiers
i don't even get a chroma for diamond
i mean challenger jacket tho
fuckin stuck as hell my dude
now i just do the monthly game
i peaked like d2
when we were in high school and I had time
kind of yea
kms
ive been here for 3 years
milo got diamond once
mars that's me you cuck
masters takes mad time
lol. beats d5 0lp for 3 years
god damn it?
yea but do you ever wear it
silver
but hes also
I mean hes not bad for silver
id like to believe its intentional
I mean you go between 0-10 and giving me pentas
but anyway for now lets say 8 and just not go too long
"I regret everything"
and you think
but then mars ints on you
lmao you say that
it seems like it anyway
well apparently 8 is a better time for most?
that or get on league
you should go mob him there and tell his bitch ass to go home
mars wheres parsa work
8 then
right
since I haven't heard back from parsa about him being off work
lets do that t hen
last week was 9 pst yea
I don't mind
if it works for others
what time would work
you know whats going on right
yea. there should be one now
yea
pst
6?
looks like
But for consistency we should do same time as last week I think
I'm ok for sat or later today
and there was a brief thing in the kingdom description about Tirael. He's old at 130 years of age and staunchly supports the Alkathar princedom as the royal line. Rinasel and many others want Sachiel as the next king because they believe him a better man than Hariel, the King's son. So they need Tirael out of the way. And the faction supporting Sachiel is led by the king's younger son, Anariel.
lady rinasel acquired 2 new mercenaries, ciocie and valyra, who joined the band. then they were paid to go retrieve a crystal from bandits. after a stint with a phase spider they hunted down the bandits and killed them all except the leader who traded the crystal for his life and some gold. at one point the barbarian beheaded a prisoner. and then upon returning they accepted the new job which is to kill or change the opinion of the aged Lord Tirael, high-prince of the Alvath territory, in order to allow tirael's son Sachiel to bid for king.
I'm on the drive home. Ten minutes 
we'll fill you in on what happens I guess
damn. next time then
yea afaik were good for 8pm
yea definitely not a morning person either
Who's awake at 8am
Nah PM 
8 is aight
Level 4. And 6:00 hopefully
Base
So for the mercenary angle you'd all have some familiarity as co-workers under the estate of the reclusive lady rinasel, deep in the nobles district of falconrest. Though you haven't seen her, as all matters are dealt with through her head of staff, Leigran. Most of it has been simple guarding and escort jobs, simple and with fair pay. But now, the high lady has returned to the estate and it runs abuzz with speculation and anticipation.
ye
So for the new characters. How would you feel being introduced as a band of mercenaries. 
Yea I'm just fucking with Parsa. I'm sure he's secretly gay for Milo
:)
don't shit talk my best friend while hes not here you cuck
he just didn't want to rp anything serious
plays like an idiot
irl
that's cause milo
I think when we first rolled it was if you get under 6 you have a 6 but its never come up lol
like a minimum value?
yea
lul
you didn't even take your phone
we thought you died throwing out the trash
or lock yourself out during break
don't drop your phone in the toilet this time
no like legit tho
mars ill fucking kill you
I can do any time on the weekend tho
Yea. Next Saturday seemed to be the best time
I don't mind either way. im redoing the sketch of prince anariel
yea we can
so are we doing rn or in an hour
its actually the worst shit
it smells like new car
its cancer
i get a headache everytime im in the tesla now
idfk I don't drive ever
they don't affect traffic do they
Look them up
It's a motor scooter you rent and leave wherever
Plus you don't get id when you go into a store on one cause you look like an elderly person
Dude they're fun
Thought
Shits faster than I though
Nvm I'm home. I took a bird lol
I'm walking home rn. Should be back in time
I don't do bitter
Nah I'm gonna get hard soda or smth
I do want that drink
Let's say 530
Mars you know the big ass one. The one that looks like you'd find it in your neighborhood
Fake id. And sketchy stores by my place
I need a drink after too 
I'm home at like 5. C'mon bruh
Currently imitating a Lady Yvonne and in audience with the prince himself
We can also discuss how everyone will get to know each other. RN the two are in the capitol of the aleese princedom, in falconrest. 
They're retard stoned. Not the fun kind
I can do Sat. The only reason I couldn't was Milo and Philip are gonna go smoke on the beach but tbh I can miss that
She was a gnome
Gnome
Dragonborn is fine. You can decide how draconian. Between just horns/scales to full tail and Dragon head
Depends. They've met a Lord Risthart who has Dragon horns but no other features. Yet to meet a full one tho. But they exist, just scarcely
You only get by as a drow because you always wear a veil and fully cover
They're the historic enemy, only better than elves
It's not great being a goliath in alkathar. Especially the large ones
Yea. The only path to being a warrior there is being one of the old-blood, the large goliaths. That or being chosen at birth to be one of the dawnbringers, wielders of the oathblades and dawnplate
Cause alkathar is competitive as fuck. The only thing keeping the princes at peace is the diligence of the throne
Hahaha yes. He could also feel the philosophy of battle in all aspects of life is better suited to him than the pursuit of peace and stability
At least alkathar has cities, even if their grandest are built on the ruins of elves
I can roll with it. They still live in mostly huts and small houses
Yea that's good
Giants, burrow worms, dragons, and other large creatures grow there, hunting the people
It's hard in the north though. Ancient spirits wander the frozen tundra after the Dynasty cleansed their bodies millennia ago. The land is wild and carelessness can find you stuck in the feywild
And they revere their shaman and druids, while mostly rejecting nobility outside of chiefs
Most goliaths there aren't actually the titanic ones. Many are human sized just grey skinned. They still live in tribes but keep mostly peace among themselves
Surprisingly they worship the Daughter. Crafts, peace, family, stability
Just like second class citizens or monks
It's mostly goliath tribes but there are humans too 
Cough. Only one who died while divine. Cough
For sure. A lot of combats are deadly so both are solid picks
Yes cause last time I tried to paste but Skype didn't recognize html symbols
Idc either way
Rolling tends to be higher so far
These are my shitty train notes but it should be enough to help with background or lore
Like the Regiment of law
Justicar are more special forces. Each princedom maintains its own police
Which, Parsa can you post it here
I have really shitty notes on the 12 princes and a crude map of territory
But being young and independent of magic for the most part, humans dominate the third age. The majority of artifacts like oathblades and dawnplate are under human names 
And ever since, magic has grown far rarer, races still in the material plane are declining in strength, and what gods once walked the planet have abandoned it
Yea. Our last campaign ended with a battle of gods against an eladrin traitor which marked the end of the second age
And no elves in alkathar, after being driven out. 
Although eladrin aren't the src ones. They're true immortal, reborn or enduring since the birth of the world
Gnomes. Anything from SRC
Rangers are like druids. They get it from nature
Yea you go for it a bit. I don't want to spoil stuff accidentally
Thanks. It's one of the better pieces for sure
It's divided into 12 princedoms but they all primarily worship the Son, a deity of masculinity, competition, war, and victory
We're currently in the center of the center continent, between the desert and the large lake on top of the midsection, in a kingdom named alkathar
Speaking of. This is the world map
I'm Eric. I dm and do the art
Mars do you have my world map. I don't have it on my phone but I want to post it
Perfect
That title...
Fucking bitches
And I mean more like with the random dropping out our schedule conflicts or whatever the fuck
Stfu edgeboi
Idk. You fucks make everything so difficult
Tbh I was just gonna do that fast through text or a short call then do a real session another time
They're not a part of the throne room stuff
Nah. It's just you two trying to get out of a room anyway
Was that ever the plan
You know what tho. It sucks only hearing about problems when it grows and not when it starts 
I mean. Nothing to do there then
Aight then
Ik everyone died but still
Tbh tho like full resetting was aids
Understandable. I'm not opposed to cameras on but I think last time it came up someone was
Because the worst thing for me is when people aren't into it and it just feels like my fault. And I've been feeling it for a long time now so maybe it's better overall
And idk about you guys but I'm down to look for a few people online and see if it's actually a better fit rp wise
Idk. We had multiple people just regurgitate memes. Shit happens man
Jett just said neutral
You know it was Milo that said he's done and not jett
Tbh tho Milo you kind of just say meme stuff in character and not offer opinions or lead. Even as gemi. I can't imagine it's fun getting dragged for the ride
I mean I feel that. It just feels like you two are just waiting for turns and not getting into the world. So rip. Sorry guys
It's very likely short 
Friday or Sunday
whatever
i don't really want to work more on them
yea
yea turns out I don't like them as much as I did when I was drawing
hes not supposed to. I just didn't realize I was drawing with pen and not pencil
you know I realize now how edgy anariel looks
lul
Sharah/Seldanna/Lady Rinasel
Lord Hiskull Risthart
Prince Anariel. Its been a while but we finally get new custom art
The east and west are velenel too. The question mark is the three unaligned ducheys. Risthart, Tabir, and borlion. Too powerful to be forced into servitude but small enough to not be a princedom
the red dot in there for falconrest
currently youre in ALE for aleese
borders and capitols
as a peace offering
and kill the changling
hire a changling to admit he did it
yea but then you blame oozes
Or murder her, hide the body, and live as her for as long as you have spell slots each day and hide away the rest
so tldr impersonating Yvonne led to being part of some grand game
Anariel definitely wants something
so the political ramification of someone just giving up an oathblade is like someone giving up a billion-dollar company in terms of power
Average height, large ruby signet ring
Anariel is a young, probably 16 year old guy with a set of enamel-white dawnplate and attractive features. much more slender than most soldiers, and a leathery white cloak that seems to have veins running through it.
Summary of what you missed - crown prince Anariel relinquished the oathblade Starwrath to Prince Aleese, in exchange for "a talk" with him, and the lady Yvonne as well.
I even texted him and shit
yea probably
and stops being a cuck
unless he gets back soon
nah hes on his comp
and we'll see if hes here by 630
well I guess ill just eat rn then
its just mars that is away
milo looks like hes on skype
well whos here
we can start like 15 minutes later mars if you need it
well get your food before this time
worth
like in all honesty for the hippie memes about whole foods, at least their stuff is good
ralphs food is shit. haven't shopped there in 10+ years without feeling like the quality is waaaaaaaaaaay below other places
gtfo normie
ralphs is just whole foods for normies
one for mars
now taking bets for who whole foods us this time
aight
any times sunday that you guys are busy
sunday then
Friday-sun at some time
You just get extra salty
Can literally solo the tarassque
Confirmed by the devs that you can start a rage while raging. Meaning a level 20 zealot is basically unkillable unless you knock them out
youre all broke now!
SURPRISE
No
So like 98 silver is back to a gold 
Round your coins to the nearest whole 
Nah youre all poor now
Kms 
10 silver to a gold 
10 copper to a silver
Guys. I'm retarded. 5e is 10:1 for all coins
get on call
3238106949
everyone else is on
wtf
yea mars
now
whole foods just means late
Or taco bell or whatever it was
No whole foods when we start this time?
Well I'm on the way back. 10 min. Anyone else ready?
determines is parsa is whole foods
Edited previous message: determines if parsa is whole foods
mars when tf you gonna be back
gay
of eating like a proper lady
that's the oppoosite
You're all disgusting
You're disgusting
And cause I don't want another hard int I'll say your characters are wise enough to know they can't take an army head on
And I guess it's better to be familiar already but you could say you're just together for the bounty if you can't think of any other reason
The farm itself is actually a small town with a lot of fertile farm around it. The most fertile in the princedom actually. Rumor is that the mayor, Sharah, has to do with it but villagers are pretty tight lipped about why. Some claim they've seen plows that work themselves and fields that sprout in a day. Regardless, it's a place Aleese definitely cannot lose
Which is also dependent on what remains
Anyway there's also gold in it if you stall the Raiders until help comes
Nah. He said there'd be too much conflict with him. Which is fair
Well since everyone made new pcs. The new call is that holder's farm is under siege by Varlen raiders and the Prince has put a bounty of 10% of what value is saved on it. 
Cuck 
Or I'll find your whole foods ass
So let's not say 4-10. Let's narrow it down
Same dude
That's my ideal time but even if we start later I can stay up since no work
Monday. Sunday I have nothing
I'm busy at noon till 1 but not after
Aight
And fuck yea I wanna see incredibles. When is that
I have the stuff planned I just have to put it together in the morning 
Well I can do Sunday evening
Go to sleep
Anyway. Milo and jett are you guys good for Monday night
B e g o n e t h o t
I don't get it either. They actually full on own the house too
She's like twenty years younger
But they're getting divorced so he's going back I guess
It's weird. The other house is nice af. Right on the coast
Yea. The guy currently renting actually has a house in the palisades but his wife wanted to live in a city so he's renting here
The tiny house we have by the airport goes for 5.5k a month. Fuck paying that kind of rent
Probably more with my house
Lol yea. 80k straight to pocket is like 150k you have to pay rent and food with
Lol. I'm planning on staying at home a few years after graduating tho. Pocket all that CS money
I don't need the money
Fuck work. Idk why I bother with this shit
Well 4 but getting home and shit
Lol same. I only work until 5 tho
For the week. As far as I know I'm not doing anything this week
So what's you jett and Milos schedules like
So I guess Parsa said he can do any time
If you could get away at 7/8 we could do it. Otherwise maybe during the week?
You cuck 
I wish I was. I gotta fly 18 hours tomorrow morning
Also my battery is dying. Fuck
Well what I was gonna ask is if anyone wanted to play Sunday evening or during the week
Who tf plays ranked in this shit meta AFTER hitting d5
So I'm back sat night but I actually have the whole week off cause I start work the 25th
Because you don't know shit going on in the world
And anything new or kind of nice deserves all the grand praise possible
You have to think like someone who's never gone more than 100 miles from where they were born
Until you get to something that's to shit to pretend. Then you do the kvothe and just say it happened and move on 
Mars everything sucks so just write as if you're someone pretending everything doesn't suck
Yea. Idk why they can't resolve it
Yea. That should be enough to write your story
Baronet is the lowest inherited title. Like rulership of a village or two 
I need to look. Also archduke is just a duke with royal blood
I put his name on roll20 I think. Idk where
Like all of the princedoms
Aleese is the last name
Also idk if you guys know how the nobility titles rank so here it goes. Royalty (king queen prince), Prince (not royal but owns a princedom), duke, marquess, earl, viscount, baron, baronet, knight
Although they're probably equally readable
At least it's not screenshots again
That's fucking gay. But whatever. Backstory woo. I'm getting off the train so this is what I've got for now
Why does Skype treat html tags as plain text
Aleese - northeast corner, east of Mirror Lake. Capitol in Falconrest, known for high number of troops fielded and lost yearly. Owns a single set of dawnplate that he wields personally, and is famously invested in acquiring a blade to go with it. One of the smaller princedoms, only overseeing two baronys and little wealth. The exception being that the city of Falconrest sits upon the abandoned Faolin, from which it draws its name and the impressive infrastructure of the inner city.&lt;div&gt;Bralien - north and west of Mirror Lake. Capitol in Redrise. Mostly in the Spirewood. Prince Eldrich Bralien owns two full sets of plate and blade, though he has aged past their use. One set is in the possession of his son, the Archduke of Tamire through his mother's royal blood. The other is in the hands of his Battlelord, a Viscount in his own right. The Duke of Yeldin owes loyalty to Bralien, as well as two infamous oathblades.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;Merelth - south of Mirror lake. Capitol of Corandor. "Prince of daggers" Kethan Merelth is a known double crosser, always seeking to increase his impressive but secretive collection of relics.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;Serthan - north of Sunfire Mountains, in the southernmost alkathar. Capitol in Waterlast. Known as the Mountain's Resolve, Valim Serthan famously held the Dead Man's Pass alone in his plate and mace against two thousand desert tribesmen. For this, he was granted two sets of plate and blade to match, which now reside with his eldest son and daughter. Though many have dueled the Desert Lotus, she has claimed their relics without fail each time.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;Alvath(H) - the eastern coast of alkathar north of the Evergreen Range. Known for wine exports. The richest princedom, as well as one of three owning five or more sets of dawnplate and oathblades. Houses the Justicar's base of operations in ammnadel. Capitol in Amnenfall, a city once inhabited by Aasimar. Few of their blood remain, though the line of Alvath is among them. Many would say house Alvath would rule, if only the winged Lord of Amnenfall desired the throne. Tirael Alvath and his sons, Sahciel and Remiel are largely removed from the game of nobles, if only because few dare to lay challenge before them. The Alvath collection of plate and blade is great enough that many Alvath earls possess their own sets. And famously, the blade, Tamerlin, rests at Tiraels hip. At the impressive age of 130, Tirael has begun to show signs of age and Sachiel may soon rule Amnenfall. But while Tiraels ambition is lacking, Sachiel is legendary in both ambition and strength of arm. It is the secret hope of all other houses that his wife, the sorceress Aelina Crendowyl can reign the Dragon-who-walks. If not, soon the kingdom may bow before a new king.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;Alkathar(H) - south of Alvath and the Evergreen Range. The royal line of the kingdom. Capitol in Elrondel. Angular and graceful features mark the Royal line, as well as a talent for the arcane unmatched by other highborn. Many who have challenged the Royal line have quickly discovered that their lithe and elegant builds hide devastating strength and speed. The House of alkathar is a candle that burns bright and quick, princes becoming kings often by their twentieth year. The kingdom famously fields the most knights and battle mages of any other, a fact that let them conquer the others to begin with. By it's border with Alvath, the princedom rules the city of Taskrendel which contains the House of Masters, the only University of arcane study. Most impressive of all the cities is still the Capitol. Elrondel's palace is fit for an ancient dragon to walk the halls with ease and attended to by over a thousand servants. It's gilded walls retain the magic they were blessed with, rendering spells upon the royals useless. And king Ulariel is never without his blade, the famed Aenvyr. Even among Oathblades, the Sakura is legend, a sword that laid low the Lich, Acererak, and his legions of undead.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;Elveron(H) - eastern. The entirety of Lesmire Lake and east until the coast. Capitol in Oceancrest. Orlan Elveron attained the status of high prince through wealth, buying seven baronys, four viscounties, and an earldom with gold from the trade on lake lesmire. Rising quickly, his house soon owned dozens more noble lands and enough relics to be considered a high princedom. Now, the Lord of oceancrest vies for the throne against the Dragon-who-walks.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;Farien - west of Lesmire Lake. Capitol in Sorenstone. Though a prince, Randenar Farien is all but subservient to house Elveron. Many nobles of his joined Elveron when promised gold, leaving farien with title only, and a single oathblade in the hands of his son.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;Jurith - south of Lesmire lake and north of Wyvernspine Ridge. Capitol in Wyverngrave. Many Jurith lands have recently transferred to Elveron, though the Firecrystal mines in Wyvernspine still remain in the hands of Seleres Jurith. Without plate or blade, as well as a lack of true highborn magic in his lands, Seleres openly bends the knee to Elveron for protection.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;Eld Dalien - south of Wyvernspine Ridge until the coast. Capitol in Lyr Lital. The oldest princedom, Amerem Eld Dalien is a famed duelist, having won three blades in his youth. Much of the princedoms wealth comes from the wyvernscale armor they export. And while they may deny it, most would agree that the Eld Dalien commoners are slaves in all but name.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;Moroe - east of Lesmire Lake, north of Karerak. Capitol in Greenstone. A small princedom hardly worth mentioning. The line of Moroe is tainted and it's lords weak. It is a matter of months, possibly weeks, before the Dragon-who-walks and his brother, the Lion-who-flies, descend upon Greenstone. Much as he prepares, the Lord of Greenstone and his army know inside that they are reaching the end of the line.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;Karerak - south of Moroe. Capitol in Relmalin. A shadow of what it once was, Karerak learned first hand what it meant to defy Alvath and Alkathar. Even as the lithe prince Fandriel cut swathes through the countryside, scorching towns with barely a whispered word, the Dragon-who-walks fell upon Karerak cities like an archangel's sword. On the final night, the dragon crashed through Karerak's famed stained glass dome like a star falling from heaven and let any and all who dared to fight. When only one Karerak son remained, shaking in fear at the sight of a seven and a half foot man in gilded plate stained with blood, feathered wings stretched behind him, the dragon put the child on his father's throne. Now, the coward boy rules in his stead, though all know who the true lord of Relmalin is.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
Well some people are also above averagely informed
Fuck your depresso
And heart 
Chronic cancer of the eye
Tldr. Aids
And my day is ruinex
I have aids
Mars your story is depressing as hell
And I can read roll20 finally
Im taking a train to the other side of the country tomorrow so I'll probably have it then
Yea. I actually have more for alkathar but I'm trying to figure out what's too detailed for a normalish citizen to know
Because soon I'll have to work too
Your life gave me depression
Why are you up so early
I've got this so far
Also I'm basically home since I'm not doing anythung
It was to help with people's new backgrounds
But I can't on my phone 
Well I was gonna try to draw hard outlines for the princedoms 
Yea
I downloaded it off roll20
Yea 
Lol I can't see shit
Damn. Idk I'll do it another time
Does anyone have it as a handout or smth
Oh wait it's the other chart that called
Motherfucker
Kys
Does anyone know how to get this chats map photo onto my phone
Yea that's always been ok. It's the same item you just pretend is uniquely built
One is literally a mages prank
Well beside the language ring it's just minor stuff
So it's still just there
Jett said he didn't take it
But yea just the ring was there then
Until you got smashed 
You didn't necessarily die 
Those are both neighboring. If you want far, Serthan rules in the far south just above the desert
Aleese is a dick if that's what you're going for
The closest princedoms to falconrest are Aleese who owns it, merelth, bralien, and high-prince Alvath
3 high-princes, 9 princes, and the king
Mars there's 12
Connor is the whitest guy I know
Yea
Or text me a screenshot
I can't go on roll 20 and check sheets mars so Skype the story to me
It's pretty dank
From a meta perspective Victor died getting a ring that was lost the next day lol
That's gonna be a big yikes 
He just happened to have it for less than a day 
One was a ring commissioned by a prince tho
All I need is common
Fuck understanding languages nigga
Apparently he didn't want it
So he left the other then
Ik he has the ring of fire
Idk. Would he have taken the ring off the bodies
My b
I forgot to mention those
So his sword and ring
Magic items don't
Did anyone take the ring of languages or is that on Tyrions corpse still 
idioit
yes
did you do it
so mars
throw that jew down the well
actually yea
7
1
2
3
stfu
mars
so are we all good
how could you do this to us
fuck you mars
cmonBruh
that's a fucking throwback
2018
in 2017
high school music
...
rehearsal
...
milos not busy so we can do 7
milo said 7 or 8
when you have purify food and drink
and yea food and water is too easy
technically nothing is unkillable
its a divine being
cause you know
just more powerful than you
also the angel wasn't unkillable
you should have 2 liters on a 10 mile hike
2 liters is if you aren't doing heavy activity
pastries live on the fruit quality but fruit is cheap
 pastries tho are the one food type that can be good cheap actually
you cant take the restaurant price which includes them and not put it on homemeade food
labor costs are a thing
just cause it didn't have meat
i wouldn't call it a good dish tho
in in italy
mars ive had that
isn't good
but just pasta
pasta is cheap
for cheap
ok how are you gonna make good food
literally
ive seen dogs eat shit
animals eat whatever you give them
jett were talking about people here
like who out there is gonna take the kfc when offered professional chicken
does anyone enjoy the taste of cheap food tho
milo you made the same point i did that expensive food tastes better
yea that's what i was saying
there you go
so...expensive food tastes better
and the demand would drop with the price
if it didn't have more flavor there wouldn't be so many people who like it
therefore it has better flavor
and are willing to pay for it
the more expensive it is the more people like it
supply and demand
price is exactly a way to measure quality
which i think everyone enjoys
expensive ingredients you have more room with so you can avoid eating things repetitively
and ill get the filet
ill get you the ground beef
aight. if i ever treat you to dinner
it probably is good for them cause most people never want to go outside their box of shitty things anyway
they can taste the difference but not like the better one
like most people cant taste which wine is better
that's not what im saying. they cant taste that the nicer one is better
tastes like goddamn cardboard
any liquid in a box
and he wont know the difference
and professional fried chicken
ok give a nigger kfc
but if you have a refined palate price does mean an increase of satisfaction
and therefore the price of the food doesn't matter
cant tell the difference
most people don't care
but jett you do see my point was wine is like food
im up for it
it just tastes like shit
box wine is less than that
so you should know your shit
its part of being and adult cause you have to drink with coworkers and your boss
my parents whole circle of friends has wine training
and has it
my dad drinks once a year
no most of them do
price does matter
but for those with a good palate
i didn't say liked it
eh
[8:17:31 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: For individuals with wine training, however, we find indications of a positive relationship between price and enjoyment. Our results are robust to the inclusion of individual fixed effects, and are not driven by outliers: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
they found corellation
apparently across 6000 tests
because
this article?
but its not the best
you can get okay bottles for 20
its like wine
the higher the quality the more it costs for increases
no you wouldnt
nothing home cooked is the same
jett i literally go travelling every year usually just to eat at the nice places
but they can be
depends on which one
most famous place you've been
its hard to like the simple stuff
when the bar is that high
jett that's cause you haven't been to the places ive been
cause its easier than explaining i just don't like it
and not even real allergic
idiot
im allergic to fish
which vegetable wtf
because it tastes good
youre right it isnt
it doesn't go limp that fast
also you can candy a banana and cook it a bit
fried banana
cooked bananas are dank
bananas taste better tho
its so different
even fucking children know theres a difference
theyre different things
listen buddy
youre a monkey you should know that
plantains are not bananas
couscous has the worst texture ever
plantains are shitty bananas
couscous is awful
jerk chicken fuckin sucks
black beans are awful
plantains suck
jamaican lul
not be the only one
the spice is supposed to augment the other flavor
if all you can taste is the spice
yea but whats the point of having meat in there
yea but i want to taste stuff that isn't just spice
but any curry actually red or green in color usually goes past that mark
anything too spicy kills the other flavors
i like red curry that's yellow in color lul
does anyone like green curry
curry lul
maybe not in definition tho
nah i still stand by the best curries being yellow in color
that's the only time i like it
with saffron
good indian red curry is pretty dank
you know what tho
its far from an indian red curry
its yellow man
but id call it closer to yellow curry
its like an orange
nigga that's not red
that's yellow
and yellow
thai curry is like fruit curries
the only thing im looking forward to in Thailand is that thai curry tbh
like crab or lobster
cause it goes with seafood
i like fruit curry
like pineapple curry
idk man. sweet and spicy is good as hell
i like spicy with sweet
pure spicy is kind of plain
red imo is pure spice
lamb yellow curry
those that weren't would be a greater majorityh
if they were paid off
and a vast majority are good
but theres a lot of reviews
who knows
he might
but its not good
its not bad by far
its alright
common idiots just want to be full
yea cause their food is barely passable but its cheap
you don't see mcdonalds reviewed by critics the way you see shitty games like cod with 90/100s
and its well known too
no cause theyre all paid off by the company
and actually liking the place obv
i feel like the minimum of good food is a place where youd find known critics bothering to go
its dank as fuck
ive linked before
one of which
theres 9 places that actually have kobe
and theyd charge more than that for a filet
i could go down to a ranch rn
i think even from a farm you aren't getting it that cheap
i want to be there
tell me where i can get a rack of lamb for a dollar
and cheap meat just suuuuuuuuuucks
it doesn't matter how good your vegetables and sauces are if the meat sucks
the important part is the meat tho
but enough that its not frozen or Monsanto sprayed
not that much more
its not amazing
but just alright
the sauce and spice is alright
or with pesticide
cheap vegetables come frozen
no but the vegetables aren't worth mentioning
that's 2 packs of whole foods bacon
14 is pretty cheap...
meh
cheap lamb
chicken
which sucks
indian food that's cheap uses cheap meat
that place by my house
its bad
like twice
cheap indian food is pretty simple in flavor
usually simple at the least
or bad for you
simple
cheap food is either tasteless
whats cheap and good tho
not even like Michelin star stuff
i feel like middle class is the point where you can afford objectively good, like top 5%, food
the people trying to understand your statement
exclusive would mean that it can be one or the other onlh
its mutually inclusive
also mars mutually exclusive isn't the right term there
five guys is pretty far from good. its awful for you and definitely not fine dining
huh
five guys and good food
food is like a tangible way to enjoy your wealth
poor people cant afford good food
isn't that exactly what food is about
its pretty dumb
i had okay vegan food tho
gluten free sucks
shocking
wow
legit tho with how good the hippie stores are, maybe organic isn't bullshit
i feel like ive been gyped
where the fuck were these stores the last 18 years
cold and crunchy but still chocolatey with a tiny bit of spicy
10/10
i got a chocolate bar with coconut and some other shit
yea but theyre food is so good
fuck the old grocery stores
and its also really good
theres a new grocery store called erehwon where the magnolia used to be on wilshire
you know what. i always thought they just sold hippie shit
4 pieces for 6 bucks lul
yea just like a pack of bacon
but it wasnt
i thought itd be organic bullshit
holy shit
whole foods has really dank bacon guys
anyway brb
milos doing an essay
cause i like my steak basically mooing
you get it as hot as possible
ofc
that goes super hot
and one of those quickboiler burners
i have a grill pan
truffle salt and butter
sear a filet after you salt and pepper it
steak is easy af
scout food
and steak lul
mostly pasta
i know a few dishes
im gonna go make dinner. someone treat parsas autism while im gone
no youre just being dumb parsa
but not sat
he can fri
so by excluding sat but not fri
the only 2 days in the set were Friday and saturday
because milo explicitly said he cant today
no cause that wasn't in the discussion
if he cant Friday hed have said he cant friday
only you think it doesnt
yes it does
that go unmentioned
theyre implicitly including all the others
if they only take the time to exclude one thing
no that's how communication works
so...
only not saturday
he didn't say anything about not friday
some things re so implicit as to be explicit
[5:59:00 PM] Milo Amoore: maybe 7pm
but I guess I can do that
its not that much later

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
how are you this dumb
even if we have to do it short and late
idk. im down for friday
or push it to sat
or milo just help her tomorrow
8 is fine if were willing to stay up a bit
youre an adult
I have a training call until then
yea
milo cant apparently
yea that's what I was saying
and I leave at like 10 ish
since we never start on time
I can do 6 but if my flight is midnight itll be a shorter than usual session
anyway the time rn is looking like Saturday afternoon
idk she just needed a ride
apparently school is still in cause I had to help annie ditch earlier
idk
"homework" or some shit
or gay
anyway. jett and mars. respond
changing crab a bit doesn't do shit
I still think they should just revert the jg to how it was before
baron goes from a living god at 20 to a slightly more dangerous dragon
rip dangerous baron tho
4 duskblade procs
but 6s of invis was
against good players the permastealth wasn't super effective
also that might be a kha buff tbh
7s darkness pls riot
but they didn't...
they said theyd buff noct
I want to
riot isn't even trying
xin loses .3 ad per level and 20% off his slow
are literally nothing
also those xin and graves nerfs tomorrow
abuse meta shit that takes coordination to outplay
haHAA
in the lp
get hit
talk shit
cant demote so I can int on anyone I don't like
man I love d5
after I inted repeatedly
you sound like this rakan I played with earlier
your new skype icon is weird dude
driving by it earlier
also I saw jerry at campos
ikr
yea lol
im leaving either sat midnight or sunday for Taiwan and Thailand until the 16th so if we want to do a session this week its gotta be sat for me or after 7 on fri
tsk tsk
lmao
30 min
don't pull a jett and go to whole foods
in sb or sm
5
Since your parents can be late sometimes
Since your parents can be late sometimes
Monday 5 so go back to sb around noon
yea but itll be funny
I said link me the best roasts
just link me the highlights
wait I never saw it
l m a o
50 dkp minus
jett type in the chat then
also if he ever bothered to talk in chatg
i mean you live together just ask him
I just assumed since you were fine
nigga wht
milo and jett
well it better not
well the plan was he leaves significantly before, like noon so that no matter how late his parents and traffic are hes back at 5
so just to confirm were Monday at 5 yea
"Except health"
was it tho
so that during the session there can be dynamic level up moments
also im thinking you should all add in the stuff you get at 3 except stuff you can add in fast like health
i just want you to finish so i can talk about it
well not actually but
and so you can have the rest of campaign spoiled lol
so i can actually talk to you about it
aight mars read more
syl is the best character
i liked dalinars politics a lot more
idk that point of kaladin was too mopey
the poison leaves?
idk. read faster then. the emotional stuff gets heavy with kal
he just mopes tho
syl and the cage was aight if i remember right
so i only remember a few key points from part 1
but once you get near the end it snowballs so hard. the second half took me a quarter the time the first did cause of how epic it got
idk the beginning was at like a 5 in terms of stuff happening cause it was mostly kal and dalinar doing stuff
id say you know dalinar well by the time he soloes a chasmfiend
with the spren harassing him?
she starts kinda lame but grows interesting
yea same until later
also the interludes
lmao book 1 was paced to me by shallan chapters
youd know that's not true at all
i mean if youd gone farther into stormlight
cause its uneventful
then it gets hard to keep track of whats happening
its boring when stuff doesn't happen
stuff going on is good
it took me a while to finish those two
idk. i finish stormlight books in a day
the series is the kingkiller chronocles
yea but it has to happen sometimes
than the prologue to the way of kings
youd think a book titled the kingkiller chronocles would have more dead kings
like the part where he becomes the kingkiller
he dances around all the interesting bits for 2 books
name of the wind was a drag
did you tho
im hyped tho. szeth book next
with the pace youre reading the next book is gonna be out by the time you finish oathbringer
cmon
konosuba s3 when
im gonna be sad when franxx ends
it wasn't meme enough
i never saw that
and then 3 to bring down papa
probably 4 with the memories and dealing with 001
7 episodes
and she tried to pilot her before
and she had ichigo pinned
they were already on the bed
yea but the rest of the shows probably them killing/joining the dragon princess
in a weird pose
and then they just talk on the bed
idk. im just salty they made it seem like ikuno and ichigo were gonna get it
diverse profile
guys and girls
2 people into her
ichigo is technically the most popular one if you think about it
blue is the warmest color style
and see that she should smash ikuno
ichigos only flaw is her inability to get over hiro
that's kind of relatable
and emotional connectivity problems
zero two has anger issues
hmm
scrawny and weak
w e a k
didn't 02 beat her up in the hospital too
right. cause shes weak
while idk which was the other girl that tried to go into rampage and almost died
and then went into rampage cat mode and continued to wreck shit
in less than a day
i want to bring up the fact that 02 killed what, 50 buff ass parasite dudes
im definitely triggered
for a long time
fuck ichigo
it was titled
it was literally the frontpage of our campaign
go offline
for a week
because it was the front screen of campaign
yes
is mature
at least knowing when to critically think
not blindly following authority
like when she kicks the ass of all the guards
and actually stands up to the authority
while nobody else really does
shes also able to resist their indoctrination
with knowing what sex and their inevitable death are
shes more mature than the rest
i don't think shes a kid
was hot
shes badass tho. her rampage mode in that fight without hiro
and stealing all their clothes
like a seal
also the balancing the ball on her nose
was one of the best episodes
her shit with dividing the house
actually miku is hilarious
stable as fuck
zorome and miku
just not the idiots from the 9s
and the guys
honestly tho i like all the girls
were the worst
the 4 episodes without her big ass smile
cute
was
it
no fuck you it was cute
the only healthy relationship
hiro and 02 is a healthy relationship
didnt
only fatass didng
also he had the balls to confess to ichigo
that's a good dude
to get it in with 02
he literally gives up his mech for hiro
goro is a bro
just the fat one
but then 1 or 2 are les
the funniest part is all the girls are hot
she married him lmao
also she goes right for the edgiest guy
and fucked first
but also kokoro literally gets her mind wiped cause shes a slut
no 02 stalks hiro into the shower
she stop being able to pilot when she thinks hes in trouble
either way shes pretty dependent on him
theres one where she stalks him into the shower
yea i don't remember half these scenes
also no tits
that seems like dependency
not 02
kokoro is the real slut btw
when goro is actually a better bro
either way ichigo is way too dependant on hiro
idk
ichigo is missing
yet another thing
look in the bubbles
second to last picture i put
theres a vag in there
the whole manga has tits
actually wtf
missing a lot of that
that
you know what ichigo is missing tho
and was the whole reason she almost left
she tried to keep zero two out
she sucks
i mean...no
smile &gt; justice
or the running down the hall with the clothes scene
or the one where shes like swaying
not better than happy zero two bouncing on the bed
not that its best
flat is justice just means flat is ok
tits &gt; no tits
i mean even as a meme tho
yea but only as a meme
her tits are small
no
she has the dumbest facial expressions
idk
and no glasses
shes hot with her hair down
that was a fucking jebait
also i really thought the purple haired chick was gonna rape ichigo
and drawn
but i think ditf is better written
its funny as hell
i don't think this is gonna be worse than a meme show
even konosuba had decent emotions
its an anime about emotions and people
i think its just her actually feeling human
I don't think its foreshadowing anything
to being haunted by their "ghosts"
she also went from not caring about the like hundreds of dudes she killed
after her horns and fangs grew
and she tried to kill him in the mech
that's why he had the big aids spot over his heart
for 10+ episodes
she literally was trying to drain him
nah she starts as evil and trying to kill him
all ichigo is is in love with hiro
zero two had way more development than ichigo
in the 2 minutes zero two is in the upgraded mech with hiro they get more kills than ichigo has in her entire life
than her with a partner
zero twos kill count is higher alone
that ichigo cant kill shit
still tho the point was
and they ride reversed lul
no I think theyre lab grown versions of her
theyre the cloned zero twos
theyre just assholes
while zero two solo is better than them
shes worse than all the 9s
although also ichigo does nothing special
pretty sure that wont kill an android
didn't like the smash
papa gay
that's what it is full blown
did you see the dragon lady
all the dinos have aids I think
worth
horns and dino aids
so he needs a dino partner
no he needs a retard alien to pilot because hes part dino
that's pretty alpha
he pilots a training mech just to get to zero two
idk
and alpha
while zero two thicc as fuck
ichigo has sticc titties
and I don't see ichigo in it
mars theres a whole episode devoted to their childhood
not late. like 5 or 6
she just freaks the fuck out every fight
her lesbian ass cant even pilot properly
ichigo sucks
ok so how the fuck are you gonna say zero two is worse than ichigo
what episode are you even on
also bitch has no dino horns
like dog shit on a shoe
and shes clung on him
hiro doesn't even love her
ichigo
fuck
because ill fight you
do you want to fight
ok
I think that's the best time
or like ask them to take you back at noon then we can start at 5/6  so even if theyre late its fine
just ask them if they can take you at an exact time
parsa when do you get back on monday
you don't even have class or anything
how the fuck are you always busy mars
league anyone
also
same
and has to go back to school
hes coming here for the weekend
what about Monday after parsa gets back to sb
and that we could do late ish at night
or smth
mars you also said youd be done at like 7
but I think parsas doing the whole going back to sb on Monday thing
bitch stop fucking with our scheduling. im fine with either tho
that like engl393 wiki has everything
its literally just the basic rules
1 subclass per class and like 1 subrace per race
like half the spells
well
no it has most spells and a few monsters
yea cause its not in the basic rules
ree
or anything else from books
except that all the spells from xanathars aren't in it
its actually the greatest thing
nah dragging from compendium nice as fuck
and manually do it
but I can read it
nah
hype
I found the tome of foes pdf
gnight idiots
so doing it irl is hard
mars is far
actually tho
but like itd be little drawn maps and minis
if everyone wants to do irl I'm not against it
no why
id be drawing on paper for maps
i mean i could but like
nah we'll do other irl shit
of anything
I don't have minis
no
sunday retard
get with it
weve been using autist as an adjective for a while now
you autist fuck
this is why you scored under a 30
this
I think
Fucking retard. Yes
a fucking gain
98lp
because public transport is meant for the poor so they don't care about it
not fucking cool
then 18
until I'm at 80
20 lp per game
hey riot what gives
but its annoying
he just ints top
yea
fuck that guy
PROFESSOR SINGED
I keep playing vs this nigger
whats wrong with you
mars
it would've put the meme on a new level
shaderkai are edgy enough too
It would've been
and a cantrip from 3
bonus action once per short rest
that gives resist to all damage until next turn
shader kai get a 15 foot blink
yea
you get to choose 1 of 4 each rest
fey step and a cantrip
the eladrin get nice bonuses
wtf is a mammon
zariel sounds like an angel
but theres legit like 9 new tieflings
theyre in a perpetual civil war so its one side or the other
no theyre always one of the two subraces
I don't think its ever just gith
or githyanki
well its githzerai
they broke the illithid enslavement
psionic I think
illithid servants
variants
theres also the gith
instead of fey elves
theyre shadowfell elves
shader-kai are lit
of fucking tieflings
a lot
Shadar-kai
Mephistopheles Tiefling
Levistus Tiefling
Githzerai
Fierna Tiefling
Dispater Tiefling
the new race is Gith
no theyre subraces
Zariel Tiefling
Sea Elf
Mammon Tiefling
Glasya Tiefling
Baalzebul Tiefling
Eladrin
Githyanki
and an official eladrin
a lot of tieflings
its cool
a shit ton of monsters
13 subraces
1 race
general release on the 29th
literally today on specific stores
time to find a way to pirate a pdf I guess
apparently the new tome of foes book is out in specific game stores
what
I'm down for either
well you know me. on break
same
you should all just kys and then were all set
scheduling
yay
leave it I guess
monks don't get perception cmon
lol
and if you get lost like that youll really be lost
so if you don't mapmake I wont show the marker of where you are on the map
and in case you ever return youll know the path easier
mapmaking is to make sure you know where you are on the map
theyre both to keep you on a consistent direction
tracking and navigating are similar
or you can double up on perceiving so the higher gets a +5 to passive
so they get advantage
although if youre proficient in survival, have a level in ranger, or have Keen Mind you can assist the navigator
you can only do one
so pace and duties are your big choices
the faster you go the harder it is to navigate and notice threats
up to 8 hours per day at 4/3/2 mph without getting exhausted
3 travel paces, fast normal, slow
well then. 5 duties while travelling, sort it out. foraging, navigating, tracking, mapmaking, and looking for threats
which is what rangers guarantee
or find you water
goodberry doesn't prevent you from getting lost
do you guys want to make overland travel more difficult and intricate, which would mean it takes longer, or just gloss over most of it like weve been and do a few encounters so the bigger stuff gets there faster
aight
doesn't have to be sat for me
also tho if you guys want we could do it Friday or sunday
he asked if she thicc
yea but that's not what he asked
endeavor sucks
you were right
oh I watched the sports arc
and the day was a lot chiller
and the night before was a crescent
also, the night after you left Kai at the temple of the moon, there was a full moon night
cough drakki cough
and not 6
the kind with 12 int
getting on call?
5 then
ok
yea 4 or 5
lul
sat
you remember how last week we were like "we'll just do next sat with milo"
ok that's what I thought
weren't we agreed on saturday
but at least with 3
kind of
still
I'm tilted
yea ik
I mean I could but id rather do main
otherwise we just wait
continue w/o or find a new?
well what do you want
right?
ok then next then
idk. you and mars said this but I haven't heard from milo or miles
this is the only one I don't have muted
ree
typical
idk depends on how long they plan on waiting for the main
which is draining
the thing is though, we spend so much time out of character during sessions its probably 2:1 in ratio
after next week I'm done with finals tho
idk. I wasn't gonna do this week no matter what lol
just the once
yea
2
while were on break
why are you even making a new char
you think anyones gonna forget
l u l
sequentially
its right there
but like cmon
inside other stuff
maybe if it was hidden
subtle
real
fuck overwatch
but really
not rn but soon lul
so I'm gonna sleep early
also I didn't sleep last night
ew
overwatch
?
this is your culture
cmon
are totally different mars
joint
a super blunt and a super join
were going at 6 anyway tho
k
What
Miles and Parsa?
And eat beforehand or smth
What about 530
Aight
What's everyone else's schedule like
After 2. I'm in SM rn
I'm not raiding anymore
point is
I didn't know there was a max deaths limit on the argus fight so I solo took up about 1/3 of the tree's lives
its not great
I actually die to raid finder as dps
or tank
or heal
I don't actually know how to run heroic/mythic
yea
so theres just league
and I cant wow
the museums are closed nearby and theres a protest anyway so I cant go out
but theres nothing else to do
I agree
and I'm bored now
I got kicked off my wow acct
get on league
idk
ik
does that mean every other day
you said not thurs
parsa and miles
fix your fuckin schedule i guess
so it might just be that one person gets a delayed start
when we usually dont
idk. this week is pretty bad apparently cause we have 3 days straight out
milo joins in next time
or if more people can make friday
you know
he can join on the road next session
i mean if we plan for sat and mars has work then
later
its not that bad introducing the last guy on the road
i mean the better way is see which day more people can make it
omegalul
yea. mostly cause im not gonna be up till like afternoon the day after
so fuck it
idk. id rather do friday tbh but i can do sat
yea actually
and get out of it
kys
mars if you have work that day
cancer
just saturday
so basically
aight
that would be
also when can you guys do this week
there cant be a tie this time
vote 1 for that style and 2 for the hearthstone map style
so temporarily oceanfront is available again to be viewed
just tell the bitch to fuck off
I guess we'll just never know what the events ended as
but yea. if we don't end up doing it
we waiting for miles to finish a league game
its fine
but no matter what I'm done with campaign 1 tonight
so we don't know if milos going to smth
late
we finished
k
yea
and its starting in 5
we have 1 game left
we'll be done around 7
aight
ye
clash
lul
or 3
so either were done in an hour
lul
were locking in
aight team
if we lose its over at like 6 tho lol
at the latest
about 8
that's not how I interpreted that
so yea after clash works
I mean if we cant win with lucas we cant with marisa
oh nice
but doesn't mars have work
I mean I'm down to leave that
loser bracket
we have to play all 3 anyway
we have 3 games tmrw
when tomorrow
aight
can someone ask
and idk whats the situation with miles
I think milos getting pasta
k
can miles
well were done with clash
I'm in game
can you ask miles and parsa
cause were done in less than an hour
we could do it after clash
cause if we get fucked I'm not playing this tomorrow
tomorrow maybe
k so clash is happening
I did
wtf
jets in que
cause rn I still cant load so idk if they'll have time
like if jett/lucas don't get it locked in
yea I'm just saying if
aight
yes
lul
you guys wanna do tonight
so if clash doesn't happen
so whenever yall have 3-4 hours
but fr. I want to get it over with and this one should be short
lol
lets gooo
right now you say
Its done for when you guys are
k well
wut
campaign when tho
aight
mars when are you back
no matter if hitler supplies it
Neutrality means taking any money you can
chaotic dead
anyone gives me
or some other suitably dank idea
one shot possibilities: monster hunter
"The Wild Sheep Chase"
"The Wolves of Welton"
battle royale tournament
"honey heist"
mars you get triple gay
you guys wanna run a short one shot of some kind instead? something memey with inspiration or some other small reward for the final fight to the winner
ok so mars def cant do this weeks session
who knows, there might even be foreshadowing in it
Edited previous message: anyways, a bio is up for the Twins
anyways, this is up for the Twins
or just play league and wow all weekend lul
we could run that monster hunter/some other pop culture one shot this week instead
its unlikely everyone can do tomorrow so we might have to postpone it
cancer
Thursday?
so what do you have this weekend
so we usually do thurs-sun
tomorrows wednesday
when are you all gonna have the bios read
Any being you host risks being consumed. Evil ones just tend to not care about holding back
so the point is, be careful with what you choose to host
or even seconds with the Twins
its entirely possible to burn through a host within an hour
by possessing the body more fully
so part of why the chronomancer goes through hosts so fast is because she chooses to do so
the more it is the quicker you burn out
it also depends on how much power the divine being is channeling through you though
as you would've been eventually
so whoever Ai Ueihara was before she was possessed is certainly doomed
like the chronomancer is one of the spirits who goes through hosts within a century
depending on the strength of the spirit it takes between two decades and upwards of two millennia
even for a god it would take a long ritual
that's not enough
like prolonged exposure to one of the Dynasty Spirits is the common way for it to happen
the only ones you cant bring back as a god are those whose souls have been burned away by divine possession or other great power
tldr
so i guess the answer is you CAN bring people back
honestly, if the demigods had been telling the truth you would've had a sweet gig
nobody knows what the criteria is to be selected. the Dynasty preaches that theyre the chosen people but anyone has a chance to be chosen
But it doesn't have to be a Dynasty hero
the only time you include Huang is when explicitly talking about another dynasty as well
around the world its assumed if you say dynasty it means Huang
Dynasty citizens
but its a rare afterlife that few earn, essentially like the Isle of the Blessed. Its for those particularly favored by the Jade Emperor such as those who were reborn as Jade Guardians or a rare hero
that's the only afterlife that gods cant reach because their abilities are null there
any god can bring someone back unless they've entered the Jade Gardens
lol
is nothing
so basically, the power to make things better
nbd
hunting, survival, and nature
over the domain of death
just hope you don't end up like the chronomancer's hosts
mortals able to host the gods are rare though. so at least youre special enough
but youre fanvara in the same way a drop of water is the ocean
probably
the small bit of fanvara in lyreth right now is the closest hes been to her since she ascended
and any place a goddess could manifest naturally is hallowed
essentially. as an archfey he couldn't manifest in hallowed grounds
but once she went past the divine gate he had no chance
if she had simply died, an Archfey could easily bring her back
because she was in the only place he couldn't reach
that's also part of why Anyeira's depression ran so deep
nope
although her ancestors were birthed before fanvara's ascension
but if you look at it, lyreth is a lot closer to the divine than the other elves i guess
theyre literally born from sehanine
also, all elves are descendants of a goddess
nope. tbh by now you should have enough of her tale to piece it together
the same way the Raven Queen is Rainarra
since you got all your knowledge from the gods that possessed you, they know her by her name
the Huntress
i believe they all start with the same first paragraph essentially
they all have bios similar to Ai rn
yea it was just so youd think they were going to be there
i think it was legit shit like "this is the firekeeper"
i know that cause it was today lol
i did write bios for them but after i made them hidden
i think they were just pictures except for the daughter
did I do bios for them?
has a bio up now
I think the summary is that everyone in the final fight
its been there since forever
also carius has bio text
everyone knows you put it in script
who sets it to symbol
at all
subtle
it wasnt
isn't high
so my expectations for what yall will read
I know you didn't read anyeiras handout until I told you what he was
at least this way you might
stfu. I know none of you cucks would've read it there



The spirit known as the Chronomancer was born from the Son of Heaven and the goddess Yui during the Alignment, last of the five children born from their union. As with her brothers, the Chronomancer was charged with guarding one of the universe's core flows. Hers was the ever-present turning of time, her duty to prevent any from manipulating it for their own gain. For untold eternities, the Chronomancer did her work in silence, unknown by any of the multiverse's countless denizens. 
Her presence might have gone undetected forever had the Wellspring not been discovered by mortals. On the world of Anscilus, a young race known as humans uncovered a relic from the Alignment, a pond in which two fish swam. Unknown to them, the gold and silver yue within were fragments of power left from when the Twins forged sun from which the world drew light and the moon for whom the tides turned. To prevent the misuse of the power, the Twins and their children were allowed upon the material plane for the first time, tasked with guarding the Wellspring.
While her brothers took to their new task in solemnity, the Chronomancer embraced the new world with great wonder. Burning through mortal hosts at great speed, she used each one as a new life to live, a new experience. This drew the ire of her family who made the most of each host, using a single body for upwards of a millennia. And while her family chose to remain aloof, aiding the people around them in subtle ways, the Chronomancer openly blessed those who came to her for assistance.
Eventually, four foreigners came to her with a tale of a dark goddess risen in the east and plead for her help. As usual, she openly offered it, though they sought her siblings as well. Without the bulk of her memories, she sought out her family and attempted to convert them to her cause as well. While the rest tried to use these heroes as new hosts, the Chronomancer remained true to her word and arrived to assist them against the risen Lilith. Now, she stands ready to face the Reaper alongside the avatars of Pelor, Bahamut, Ioun, and Fanvara.
Lyrna El'ilan was once a mortal Eladrin who sailed with her kin across the Jade Gardens on a ship sung from the World-Tree upon which the Feywild rests. During their arduous exodus, the ideals of the Eladrin formed into beings that embodied their tenets. These beings would come to be known as the Gods, as when they left the nullification of the Jade Gardens their true power was revealed. The Eladrin would come to revere the Gods as their parents, for it was from them the Eladrin learned to live and survive in a world that would not have them. Alongside the Gods, the Eladrin defied the Precursors and were able to undo the ancient bindings they had placed upon the land and its inhabitants.
Though all the Eladrin loved the Gods, none loved them as much as Lyrna. When duty called and the Precursors arrived to scourge the lands of Eladrin, Lyrna was always first to take up arms alongside the Gods. At the side of Cyndelion, Lyrna learned the ways of war and mastered the grim art of killing by any means necessary. At the side of Avandella, Lyrna first opened the pathway to the Arcane, loosing the power of the Jade Emperor into the world. At the side of Mymilion, Lyrna first forged the Seven Reapers. Swords forged with the power of gods, their only purpose to slaughter. 
When next the Precursors came, Lyrna wielded the first of the Seven against them. On that day, the Day of the Emerald Sun, the blade Nierya is said to have killed the first Pit-king to fall. From then on, Lyrna was driven by an obsession to prove herself to the Parents. Always striving to do more for them, to spend more time in their presence, Lyrna earned the position of their most exalted child. Never satisfied, Lyrna sought to help more, to kill more of their foes. Seven moons passed as Lyrna forged her weapon in secret. Even the Gods knew nothing of the blade they aided in forging, trusting their favorite child in all her endeavors.
On the eighth moon, Mirthal was born. A violet blade, forged of the same techniques that created the Seven yet without the locks on its strength imposed by the Gods. An eighth blade, the one never meant to exist. Lyrna expected the Parents to be proud of her initiative, glad to have a new weapon with which to drive the enemy back. Yet she was met with open revulsion, a disgust that she could bring into existence such a creation. For, while Mirthal was indeed capable of driving the Pit-kings back to the vile temples of their God, the sword was possessed of Lyrna's thirst for blood.
When the Gods saw Lyrna's true nature, they turned away from their favored child. Her mentors refused to help her any longer, and even those she considered friends wouldn't speak with her. From that day until the end of the First War, Lyrna did her grim work alone. She watched in silence as the Precursors wounded the Parents without her at their side. Cyndellion was the first to fall, split by the Precursor God into Corellon and Melora. Soon after fell Avandella, becoming Avandra, Eranthis, and Sehanine. Last of her mentors to fall was Mymilion, becoming Moradin. In grief, Lyrna hunted down and avenged those most responsible for the wounds, bringing silent death to the Void Priests that had called their God.
At last the war ended as mortals drove the Precursors back to their shadowed home and banished their dark god to the void from where he had come. As the other Eladrin were honored individually by the Parents for their role and blessed with immortality and potency, Lyrna merely watched. Though rebuked, Lyrna felt satisfied with knowing she had an eternity to look forward to with her Parents. When the Gods revealed their intent to leave to Elysium and watch the world from afar, Lyrna finally snapped. 
The moment Moradin stepped through and sealed Elysium, Lyrna turned Mirthal against her own people. Weaving a song of power and death, Lyrna killed near half of the other Eladrin before dashing away to the far corners of the world. On that day, Lyrna El'ilan became Lilith Du Wyrthen, the Reaper. From then on, she hunted those who could not defend themselves, eliminating entire civilizations in an attempt to draw the Parents back. As a result, the fledgling humans, tieflings, orcs, and all other races wove tales of a death goddess whose very word brought calamity. Across Anscilus, cults to the Dark Mistress sprung and gave offerings to stave her off.
From this worship, Lilith attained godhood. Empowered by the fear of a million souls, the Reaper ascended to the title of god. Even so, the Reaper feared the death her people did not. Those she had slain rose again in fresh bodies and hunted her across continents and oceans, seeking her final death. In her fear, Lilith forged her final Behelit, storing her soul within it so that she would always return if slain. In her weakened state following the severing of her soul, Lilith's brother, Gilderion, slew her upon the Field of Lights. But in the moment to be the Eladrin's salvation, her darkness overcame him and devoured his mortal frame as he attempted to shatter the Behelit.
Learning from Gilderion's attempt, the other Eladrin hid her other creations where none would seek them. Most importantly, Mirthal was sealed at the heart of the elemental plane of Water. Yet such things never stay hidden long. Eventually, the sword found its way into the collection of the Eladrin Prince, Qisilmar, reborn as he was without the burden of his past memories. In his arrogance, the Prince thought nothing of the cursed blade and offered it to an adventurer as a reward for aiding in his power grab. The moment Yew Pravaal attuned Mirthal, the Reaper was born anew. 
Taking over Pravaal's frail body at the coronation of Carius Vitai, Lilith broke free and once more slaughtered innocents by the thousand. When the dust settled, the Reaper was gone, off to find where her soul had been hidden. Beneath the mountain halls of Trojnheim, Lilith claimed her power and collapsed the ancient city. Rising from the rubble, she began her work in earnest. On this day, the Thirty-third of Reaping, four heroes stand against her for the fate of Gisildor, aided only by Pelor in the broken body of Carius Vitai and an ancient Demigoddess known as the Chronomancer.
so now you can know who youre fighting with/against
bios are up for Lilith and the Chronomancer, and Carius's is still there
never
ROLL FOR STATS ON NEW CHARACTER SHEETS. 2 x 5d6, take the best 3. 4 x 4d6, take the best 3
not sure yet
btw. idk if I'm gonna make it tomorrow. helios is going to die within 10 days so I might go see him either tomorrow or sunday
bruh
.
either or lul
or tell her to stfu
just mute yourself until you have to talk
everyone good for 3?
thurs then
aight
aight guys. thurs or sun
mars pick a day so I can schedule another
or Thursday actually
so either sunday or friday
I cant until 3
when you bibbas free
besides the time were doing mars's
I will in a sec tho
its long to type
cause its relevant
no
bard is caster
were talking about it rn
pick up
[6:48:11 PM] Milo Amoore: At worst id play a paladin

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
planning on playing a caster
is anyone
shes a dick
its not her
if I had to pick an npc to be waifu
so we'll see
I'm gonna say 6 but like you always surprise me with how quick you get shit done
or just go tarasque/ancient dragon hunting
or whatever
idk. I figured you guys would do some shit like making your own empire
like if you want to do some epic level stuff with those pcs
well I don't want to force it
but setting 2 was my planned long campaign
where what you do influences the future
and be a brief thing before setting 2
idk I wanted setting 1 to be like the golden age of the planet
yea cause I didn't know where to go
in the way of her being the finale?
but im ok with where it is rn. I just wanna know where people want to go after
if you want to abandon volar and carius that's always been on you
I mean that's up to you
but with the original plan campaign 1 wouldn't feel so short
I don't mind continuing either its just like lillith was planned to be the finale and I planned this next setting for after
that was just a thought
idk
or no
or more
also would anyone want a 5th
from like 1700s to 12-1400s
also new setting will be darker. like quality of life goes down after the magic leaves
but I wanna know what you want for after
idk. its far off cause lillith is far off
but not around
and depending on the endings of your current characters they might still be influencial
the new one would still be on anscilus and would take into account whatever changes during the path to lillith
rip
I can explain the setting better
wait join a call with me
you could still play magic classes tho
and opinions
leave thoughts
idk
and so the young races were left to fend against threats alone
magic items are pretty much the last remnants of magic and are therefore extremely rare and valuable
and with them a lot of the magic in the world
itd be very low magic. like some time after the events of campaign one the elves and eladrin left
that I have a couple setting changes for
so either its epic level campaign or a new one in the future of anscilus
cause rn I'm gonna be honest. youll be level 20 after her death
and would you rather continue after lillith or starting a campaign in the future
how attached is everyone to their character
scale of 1-10
why you gotta hate on our boy carius
yea. miles and parsa?
lul
yea I forgot his birthday
but idk if everyones ready
I guess the best plan is start now and take a short break when you have to get your dog so that way its done by 6
for that game
the people in the game can use it
nah its if the gm has it
everyone in that game can use mobile
yea if youre in a game with someone that has membership
and don't you as well
you should be able to since I have the membership
i don't particularly want to do that either
shit well milos got smth so I wanted to start earlier
same
otherwise 3 it is
well I'm ready whenever youre all good
10/10
cheqakki
duh
halfway between noon and evening
how early. like after lunch early or like mid afternoon early
what time are you all free
sure
rip? or lit
unless Friday early/sunday works for others
yea. I could do tomorrow and visit Friday but id be gone for like half an hour between 645 and 715
I thought you had class thursday
so hopefully hes fine
he was either ok or gonna die in a few days but afaik hes not dead
idk I'm not on top of things rn
or lung issue
I think helios had a heart issue
depends on if the TA lets me off the hook for the meeting
but I probably should visit thursday
I actually dunno much cause ive been working on a midterm
and he had it removed
idk its a gallbladder issue
it was never his heart before?
otherwise lmk when you can do between Friday and sunday
so I could do it then if that's the only time
so between like noon and 7 I MIGHT be free
but tomorrow I'm supposed to visit my dad in the hospital but I also have a group meeting at 7
so idk when you guys are free this week
i realize
that id rather not put off
i got something thurs this week
nah idk. I maybe can do Thursday but id rather Friday-sun
no
fuck you
actually wait its tuesday
if everyones free maybe
reeeeeeeeeeee
campaign when reeeeeeeeeeeeeee
best tank until poison, psychic, necrotic, etc
sakane really fucked them up tbh
put it over the edge
but letho taking the D from sakane
it was kinda close tho
I actually calculated and he didn't take more damage than everyone combined
THEY WERE BROTHERS GEMI
that's a ree from me dawg
letho murdering his bff
no I'm actually still tilted
kickin in
42% tilt proof
"sorry for the late reply I was confirming with my boss"
JOSHATHAN REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
fucking jonathan
same
1 hour
Yea
420
Good idea
So unless anyone objects rn I'm gonna start at 4
it should only take 3-4
but i cut it down so its not the usual 5-6 hours
its either gotta be today or sunday
yea ik
parsa be free today so i can get it in
pls
also the sooner we decide a time the sooner i get to plan a date so like
do i go back to dorm
so today or friday/sunday
so we could do thursday at 4 or the weekend sometime
feelsbadman
i got algorithms midterm on wed
otherwise im free
the only time i cant is before 2 saturday
if milo cant do thurs im down for friday/sat/sun
when is everyone free
speaking of
Idk. Whenever you're all free like usual
Well it's not a whole day lul. Just 5 hours kappa
No that's just the definition of it
Dead week means no class
No that's like a weird review week or smth
It's like the week you get off to study 
Dead week means no class
Lol
No but even when I have them I can afford to do shit the weekend before 
In just as difficult a major
Yes cause I go to uni too 
You legit can't do one of Thursday through Sunday
Bitch you were on midterms last week too 
This
I'm on break and ready. So Thursday or after all works 
you held a harambe memorial you cuck
thats not even true
memes
wree
reeeeeeee
get me in that call
fuck you
is important
historical accuracy
so like i got time to just link crap
that and im bored as shit
you know
maybe parsa thought i meant an actual fish
mars its just in case
get that shit meme out of here
you know
just like
tchalla is my king
you take that back
ree
gorilla poeople
FRozen in ice
i mean if he was level 11 and didnt have a feat wasted on spear master and had it on great weapon master i actually doubt it
and demands his rematch
we'll see when he gets carried up the waterfall
now i kinda wish tchalla was a great weapon master
legit +10 on every hit
sharpshooter is nuts wtf
good to know
wait parsa in eluras how the fuck did you crossbow hit so hard
gross
reinterpret deez nuts
its the same as saying to reinterpret cast something
is an actual thing
&lt;reinterpret_cast&gt;
figure it out
And if you reinterpret cast it into a char it spells plot point
If you rearrange gilderion it spells red herring
Kys
?
considering
I feel like she should know
same
so hows all your womens day going
that's true which ,akes it extra sad
w t f
omegaLUL
idk if there is
both?
which one
ugh
I popped in a sec
same
10/10
inspiring
thats
I am
eat. he said an hour or two
t ends with tchakka seein the sun
that's his strat
yea I mean eventually he was gonna wear you down
mars
he nearly got you didn't he
we can resume if everyones still good when hes back tho
well mars isnt
that just leaves milo then
luckily this is America and not Saudi arabia huh
whens everyone available?
Well I mean I'm ready rn actually. Just gotta eat and see when you guys are free
Omegalul
So I can just introduce new guy next time
Cause cheqir is leaving
Yea actually we can do it without parsa
We can fill you in after I guess
Reeee 
to mars
^
the rest of you except letho maybe were just straight up negative to him
I mean gemi got asked
h e r e s y
id ask whats yours but nobody would let your thot ass on stage
yea this is the one for coronation speeches
sad
planets can be different sizes
wheres the xyz axis
wheres my scale reference bruh
yea I can do friday
int-eresting
or give loud speeches
you mean sit quietly and contemplate
cause im on break
or like after next weds
i can do thursday or friday
haven't you noticed he plays a thot
hes legendarily resistant to deez nuts
get fucked
actually yea
wutface
ulu
should've stolen the blade
if he wasn't worthy corellon wouldn't have drawn the sword for him
even if you had helped him through all the riddles and trials
they can see what kind of person he is
they knew every step on his journey
well look at it this way
if they accepted him over everyone else there
I mean clearly he must be worthy
bitch youre just salty your name is only on one assist
I mean clearly the gods saw something in him that made him worthy
he doesn't have noble blood and isn't even gisildian
Gemi wasn't chosen

Carius's updated bio
Born to Vermache Vitai, Carius is heir to the greatest fortune of the entire Gisildian Empire. The Vitai name is found on mines and farms across the empire, however they are most known for the Dragonshaunt Mine. This is the only mine in which Dragoneye is mined and the source of the Vitai's great wealth. Though he is young, Carius is already arrogant from the luxury his birthright has afforded him. Famously incompetent and petty, Carius is believed to be the worst of all the Imperial contenders. For this reason, the Sorcerer-Prince Qisilmar has backed his bid for the throne, pushing him headfirst into the position of Hope. As the Emperor's Hope, Carius is the successor to the Emperor, the redemption of all people in the empire. Hopelessly lost and unprepared, he has been tasked to Gemi for guidance to grow him into a suitable emperor.

Conning his newfound caretakers into aiding him to complete his Path of Kings, Carius set out to ascend the Tower of Vark. On the first night, Carius offended Pelor with his ill-thought offerings and failed to receive the Blessing of the Dawnfather as a result. With the wisdom of Gemi, Cheqir, and Letho, Carius managed to secure the Blessing of Nature from Melora. Arriving at Earthhorn village, Carius found the Vale of Ancient Kings inaccessible due to the workings of a Cambion that had been lurking among the villagers. Outraged, the Gisildian Hope swore to draw the Sword of Morning as Ygrim the Redeemer once did. Promising to slay the giants and the demon-born that had harassed the villagers, Carius fought through the Cavern of Trials and entered the Vale of Ancient Kings. Within the confines of the planar merge, he made his final offering to the Huntress herself. After advice from Pravaal and Gemi, the Huntress granted her blessing to the Hope. With the final blessing secured, Carius was able to enter the Tower of Vark and face the Dawnfather. Fighting through waves of those he had wronged, the Hope proved himself to the Dawnfather and walked up the second layer of the Tower. As he and his four chosen stood in wait, the Winter Queen arrived to administer her trial. The first to do so in centuries, Carius was able to solve her dilemma with the help of his friends and prove himself to the goddess. Atop the Tower of Vark, Carius was faced with Corellon, Lord of Magic. The King of Spring deemed him worthy enough for having secured the favor of the Winter Queen, instead opting to test those he kept as company. Easily enough, the four were able to escape the Fey-dream and witness Carius draw the Sword of Morning with Corellon's assistance.
​
​From that moment, Carius Vitai was no more. As the Sword of Morning once again reforged itself into the Dawnblade, Carius was reforged by the will of Pelor. The mortal prince was no more, becoming infused with the divine powers of an Archangel. When the light faded from the Tower of Vark, Carius stood alone among mortals as a divinity. Among the Halls of Elysium rang the choir bells as once more a Paladin-King was born from human flesh. Cleaned of his doubts, fears, prejudice, anger, and greed, the redeemed Carius found himself both physically and mentally purified. Returning to Ironstone a new man, Carius has begun the setup for his coronation and the reinvention of his empire. Alerted to the machinations of Qisilmar, Carius seeks allies from the other bastions of human freedom, a rarity in Anscilus.
just not green enough
such a deep green
iyoguja
no its the northeastern part of the middle continent
you always have versions
that's the thing about digital
this is with the serpent instead
gay
thats uh
it was dank
idk. there was a brief moment i used that picture for carius
he looks white to me
remember jesus carius
at least part of it
finally got around to working on iyoguja
idk ive been pretty lazy making other continents
but cannibalistic
its like nelly
and other plesiosaurs
that fly too close to the sea
thats like a cr 14 and hunts dragons
i have an idea for one
the rest of gisildor's cities are too small to fit
btw ironstone is like the size of one of those small cities
so you could have them fight dragons
yea i think it should be like cr 11
and cause if it was cr 1 druids could shift into one lol
cause its just a beast
a sea bear
thats actually a glorified bear
that's pathetic
time to find a plesiosaur statblock
well shit
but i like the plesiosaur
theres a second one where hes a serpent
its cute
yea but like
waters
dangerous
idk i just put it in there to imply dangerous waters
its a sea monster
this is a real kingdom
gisildors just some small island nation
I'm not even gonna pretend theres some other reason
: )
yea I mean I make the maps I get to satisfy my vanity
id actually just kms if I had to do them all like oceanfront
but like I can actually do a bunch of cities if I do them the other way
same after making it
dun dun dun
ignoring the deity lurking in the shadows
paladin of pelor carius
smites like a god carius
I hate the new carius
straight from the mansion carius
but it seems harder
yea
on an area
than adjusting colors
how is that easier
but like
I miss the old carius
so if you dye your hair are you gonna change the picture
like 4 liters of pure dye
I mean that's a lot of dye
understandable
lul
ez clap
walk to a tailor, ask for dye
its literally never been hard to acquire dye
you could always just...buy hair dye
hair dye isn't some rare commodity
its not as awful as the rest
wtf
wait that's okay
except milo
wait everyones on
keep it clean
my b
wtf
57% gg honors recently
well we can do 530 and ill just pick up food I can eat at my desk
right
1-2
after lunch?
guess it was miles
oh i thought it was you lol
i just thought i heard not friday
i mean if i was wrong and Friday is good I'm down
omegaLUL
I cant do tonight cause I got a midterm at 7
idk someone said not friday
I'm good any time except sat
ik you guys said tomorrow probably wont work but is anyone down sunday?
like they did in other editions
you know that's exactly the reason they didn't stat the gods in 5e
and eladrin aren't elves theyre spirits in physical form
because they don't know what an eladrin is
but humans and other younger races know them as high elves
high elves aren't actually elves, theyre eladrin
anyway then were clear
its stressful to think
yea but you still think when you meditate
even if I didn't feel tired id just want a break where I don't have to think
being actually unable to would drive me mad
weird. I love sleeping sometimes
and unwind
it lets you take a break from the day
sleeping is great
and be half like them
since all he asked for was to not have to sleep
it was the ability to change appearance and immunity to mind reading
because I just went with high elves out since I didn't think anyone knew eladrin
so then were agreed that if I call them eladrin youll know what I mean
in order to keep his
or half the eladrin racials
yea he didn't get the 2 str
with slightly pointed ears
elves are still the long lived mortals
yea so were calling them eladrin now
since being immortal and able to train for eons means nothing until you've lived them
besides socially
honestly unless youre a ranger/wizard it doesn't affect your character much
and any new friend you make disappears by the time you turn around
in what seems like the blink of an eye
especially as you watch your descendants pass on eventually
but being trapped in the weave for eternity isn't a great fate
a gift
because for your mortal life it is just that
as anything but a grand gift
the thing is though that you were never meant to become one
its a spiritual thing
although I guess it isn't anything physical
you just haven't gotten to them yet
but they usually get there because of their long lives
I don't think anyone has elves that are just born a dozen times stronger than men
humans are all freed in the end
not in their physical life but in their death
that's true but humans get more of a benefit for just being humans in a way
and know peace and freedom that the elves could never attain
if anything they struggle more because they weren't god's chosen children. they secured the world and were corrupted by the worst of its evils so that the humans who were Iluvatar's favorite would have their day and age
they struggle the same as humans
that was at the start of their existance
silmarills
they had to deal with faenor and everything that followed because of his similaris
and morgoth
tolkeins elves fought against the valar
depends whose elves you look at
“… people didn't seem to be able to remember what it was like with the elves around. Life was certainly more interesting then, but usually because it was shorter. And it was more colorful, if you liked the color of blood.”
perfect
clear
simple
I prefer "Just Monika"
that takes too long to get the meaning across
still my favorite quote
“Elves are wonderful. They provoke wonder.
Elves are marvellous. They cause marvels.
Elves are fantastic. They create fantasies.
Elves are glamorous. They project glamour.
Elves are enchanting. They weave enchantment.
Elves are terrific. They beget terror.
The thing about words is that meanings can twist just like a snake, and if you want to find snakes look for them behind words that have changed their meaning.
No one ever said elves are nice.
Elves are bad.”
on any other theyd be slaved already or at least servient to the true inheritors of the world
the real heresy is how humans managed to claim the better part of a continent as their own
so this is just some weird  shit to him
or went on
lmao miles actually didn't hear any of what goes on
that's an instant strikeout
you creeped her out the day you met her
what
uh
its understandable you cant tell
I don't think you've met an eladrin in character for more than a few minutes at a time
think of how beautiful the world would be without the humans
wouldn't it be ideal if everyone was eladrin though
pussy
didn't you advocate for not-genocide
well youre gonna love my gnomes
are yordles subhuman
id be done with all this shit
if only it were 2 days from now
I'm dead
ive got both a paper, a board game due tomorrow and a fucking midterm
but it wont fucking work
that I'm trying to get onto this comp
its a card for a board game
removed it
saved it
so I just sent an image to skype
my ipad cant email cause our wifi is weird
even if its the worst cancer ever to set up
I actually really like this lighting
so were calling them eladrin
when theyre actually spirits that happen to take physical form
and just a more refined version of the common elves
because high elf implies theyre still mortal
eladrin in this case is the word for high elf
no that's a feat
those are just the ones I made first lol
dude I have like 50 more bookmarks
kms
actually
kms
lighting
dynamic
full
its probably easier than drawing that
honestly you could just take the original and edit the color balance of the hair area to be red
this has the eye color right tho
and flamboyancy
I mean you asked for elfhood. it comes with pointy ears
lul
or might not
who might have a shirt
see, if you crop it its just a portrait of a guy
its not exactly maroon but like its close enough
omegaLUL
well if you crop the top one you cant tell
more anime than before
edgier than before
gayer than before
gemi v2
rip
for how long he can hold her back
its the fact that hes now on a timer
yea, its not the big part of mirthal though
The Cursed Sword Mirthal, the Hemlock. 
Mortal End: The sword is a +2 longsword, increasing to +3 at level 14. This bonus increases by +2 against humanoids. When you kill a humanoid, you gain 1 sadism point. Keep track of these on your character sheet.
Twisted soul: You become Eladrin, Chaotic Evil, Female, and Fae for purposes of enemy type.
True Evil: You have advantage on Persuasion checks with Evil entities, advantage on Intimidation against Good entities, and disadvantage on inverse rolls. Once per day, you can cast Power Word: Torture, targeted at a good-Aligned Humanoid. For each good entity killed, roll a d6. On a 6, you can cast it again. Casting this word renders you unable to cast any other spell for the rest of the day, taking 1d10 per level of the spell if you do. For each evil neutral enemy caught inside, take 1d6 damage in the aftermath. Casting this spell causes the spirit of Lilith to gain more control over your personality.
Unending hunger: When you land a mortal blow on a humanoid, they must pass a DC 17 Charisma Save or be drawn into the blade. For every 3 souls in the blade, you gain +1 to Dexterity. The souls are released at dawn when Saranrae frees the damned from Mirthal. Having souls within renders potions useless for you. Drinking a potion frees the souls within.
Power Word Torture:
10th-level Enchantment
120ft Range, 30ft Radius, Must be targeted at a Good-Aligned Humanoid
Targets caught in the spell must make a DC 20 Constitution save or take 16d12 Psychic damage. Should they survive, they take the damage repeatedly until they succeed the save on the start of their turn. Any being killed by this spell is doomed to an eternity in the Nine Hells.
ree?
?
&lt;3
i wanna build a cave
honestly dynamic lighting looks sick
fucking 100mb limit
like i deleted everything im not using atm and its still over cap
so i just gave them 5 bucks
im over storage cap by a lot
but I'm gonna try
idk how I'm gonna use it for this
i got dynamic lighting
I gotta setup lighting
yea
wut
otherwise I'm still good for 7
if you guys wanna do it earlier
good news. I'm actually free tomorrow at 5 and not 7
cheqirs slave boy
fucking cato
townswomen upon seeing pravaal
"OH MY GOD WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT THING"
at least he picked a good corpse to be a tank
this bitch over here with 21 ac
that's the dank part
nobody wanted shadow gemi with them
you don't get him if we do another 2v2
and pravaal tanks
letho tanks
but
literally just a tank for you
did you make cato
ibba
ayran
yea same
its really good on the transition
yea but normally you have to click it
that just plays
howd you post a gif in skype
same
3 min
in case anyone wants a different feat before next session
TEMPORARY HIT POINTS Temporary hit points aren’t cumulative. If you have temporary hit points and receive more of them, you don’t add them together, unless a game feature says you can. Instead, you decide which temporary hit points to keep
BONUS ACTION SPELLS If you want to cast a spell that has a casting time of 1 bonus action, remember that you can’t cast any other spells before or after it on the same turn, except for cantrips with a casting time of 1 action
ROUND DOWN Whenever you divide or multiply a number in the game, round down if you end up with a fraction, even if the fraction is one-half or greater.
idk just hope they aren't quick enough
not a fireball you cast
oh wait
careful spell
metamagic
Fuck you. You went to the forest omegalul
I get up by like 10 so it doesn't matter much
if were all available
I can start earlier
Lemi 2 - 0 Chavaal
you guys go check
well I'm finishing hw rn so id rather do it if I knew everyone was
I can do this rn
if milo and miles are also on
s u p fucker
so if youre here just lmk
like I could just do this rq if everyone hopped into this chat for 10 min and then after youd all have decided if youre gonna split into smaller groups for a session or two or sticking together
honestly, its probably easier to just skip all this if everyone else doesn't mind just getting to the part with the emperor

Cheqirs teleportation circle deposits you in a cube room lined with marble that you don't recognize. As you materialize, two guards in viridian robes jump in surprise but allow you to exit when you show your bracelets. They lead you through faintly decorated halls, from which you can see lines of commoners attempting to enter the city and being checked individually by guardsmen in gold armor. You exit the building and enter the city proper.
Before you lies a sprawling city whose scope is difficult to imagine. You walk through the markets as you watch people of all races buying and selling their goods. A multitude of towering castles and immense watchtowers dominate the skyline, a constant reminder of the watchful eye of the nobility. Like in Cinthal, it is mostly crimson-clad guardsmen keeping the order, though you see golden guards walking the various watchtowers. In the background of your vision is a titanic dark mountain with a shining palace built into it. Spires that reach into the clouds erupt from the palace, each bearing the flag of Gisildor.
As you walk through the city, you see youths brawling in bustling markets. You see noblemen on their steeds pushing their way through the common folk as they rush to their appointments. Various merchants attempt to peddle their wares to you, boasting of the quality of their art, arms, fruits, etc. Before you can reach the Inner Circle, a group of ragged children approach you, begging for coin.
or I could do it for 10 minutes rq and then youd know if youre splitting or staying together
ill just do the going to Ironstone over text since I think that's what everyone agreed to do
but since I don't wanna get to the next session and then you guys decide "were gonna split for a session or two" then id have to pick one to run
and since neither task would take a long time, I might just do 2 - 2 or 3 - 1 split sessions until theyre done
so there might be a chance the party splits for a little bit while cheqir solves the problem with her mom and the others may choose not to
so if you currently have more I guess find one to unattune
btw, you all know you only can attune 4 items right
yea, theyre totally different. Arcane is like actually learning and knowing spells whereas Divine is just having the spells in your mind from your god
slowly and with books
like any other wizard learns spells
and lecture to them
youd have to sit them down
but you cant just walk up and be like hey look heres how magic works
neither of them are that dumb
it would probably work eventually
except maaaaaaybe pravaal
nobody in your party has a basic understanding of arcane spells though
Sounds dank
Yea. But if you want to summon demons go for it
Not in eluras
Or have a Warlock/wizard
We don't know any demon true names there tho
cough
cheqir
only one of you gets the spell I think
if you want actually scary demons it would probably be some kind of ritual
and this is an instant cast spell
youre also fighting other things
idk if you can solo one at level 7
as long as you can control it
that's at least as effective as you are in combat
for a cr 5 demon
you can cast it at level 7
its probably worth more at lower levels
yea but a cr 10 demon is worth 4 10th level pcs
theyre just better than lesser demons
those aren't really greater demons
you cant summon greater demons. the spell summons up to cr 10 demons at 9th level
the only issue is saying its true name shouldn't give it disadvantage it should just make it unable to save
so they probably want to attack things
yea, theyre just constantly angry and sadistic
its compelled to just kill
theyre demons...
that makes sense
you lose control of the demon
yea cause theres a cool summon demon spell in xanathars
or just undead
do necromancers summon demons
interesting
thats
theres literally an invincibility spell
create tyler1
CREATE HOMUNCULUS 6th-level transmutation CastingTime:1 hour Range:Touch Components:V,S, M (clay, ash, and mandrake root, all of which thespell consumes,and a jewel-encrusted dagger worth at least 1,000 gp) Duration:Instantaneous Whilespeakingan intricate incantation, you cut yourself with a jewel-encrusted dagger, taking 2d4 piercing damage that can’t be reduced in any way.You then drip your blood on the spell’s other components and touch them, transforming them into a special construct called a homunculus. The statistics of the homunculusare in the Monster Manual.It isyour faithful companion,and it dies if you die.Whenever you finish a long rest,you can spend up to half your Hit Dice if the homunculus is on the same plane of existence asyou.When you doso, roll each die and add your Constitution modifier to it.Your hit point maximum is reduced by the total, and the homunculus’s hit point maximum and current hit pointsare both increased by it.This process can reduce you to no lower than 1 hit point, and the change to your and the homunculus’s hit points endswhen you finish your next long rest.The reduction to your hit point maximum can’t be removed by any means before then, except by the homunculus’s death. You can have onlyone homunculusat a time.If you cast thisspell whileyour homunculus lives, the spell fails.
unfortunately, wizards have a lot of additional spells
the ones from additional sources take a hot minute tho
yea but it takes like 0 time to add in compendium spells
you get some of it
and depending on your int
like you just hold it and think of what you want to know
anyone rn can study the bestiary
like 5 minutes
Raise your eyes to the skies and observe! Today our world's destruction has been averted in defiance of our very makers! 

Algalon the Observer, herald of the titans, has been defeated by our brave comrades in the depths of the titan city of Ulduar. 

Algalon was sent here to judge the fate of our world. He found a planet whose races had deviated from the titans' blueprints. A planet where not everything had gone according to plan.

Cold logic deemed our world not worth saving. Cold logic, however, does not account for the power of free will. It's up to each of us to prove this is a world worth saving. That our lives... our lives are worth living.
CITIZENS OF DALARAN?
you just hung up
no
everyone gets 1500xp and he got 500
because gemi heroically killed the fire giant and secured your indoor heatin
lmao
just like pedestals
actually i guess the courtyards are pretty awkward looking with no statues in them
a nice ass handwoven rug is easily in the hundreds of gold
and theyre expensive af
nah rugs are decor
and transplant them
just buy some pots
like courtyards with greenery and fountains
you have outdoor plants
no you asked him for furniture
for that cheap
you cant buy art and decent furniture
listen, you gotta decorate your own place
those are like 150gp chairs
you do know that marble and masterwork woodcraft is expensive right
t a b l e s
and tables and beds
eligius only bought furniture
like theres no decorating artwork that isnt painted onto the walls
so the furniture is there but the rugs and stuff arent
so youre getting the living room
actually nobody but connor and i will be there
dank
bitch dont look at my screen then ez
it is
so tomorrow at 3
yea i talked to him
ill do pravaal for a little bit
yea we can do 3
would you prefer to wait or i could play him for the beginning?
mars cant start until 430
with my notes
i just gotta be in my dorm
im ready for mine
not hot chicks
its actually REALLY dark
but it was pretty dark
nah i just had an idea
fucking weebs
Sounds hot
But sometimes you never know who's got limits
That's true
I meant like. Creepy in the child murdering and stitching together or like mailing babies to their mothers
Quick question. Is there any level of creepy horror you guys aren't ok with 
Tilt my life in two pieces
.
Explain 
Wtf is that meme
Once known as the Favonia Estate, the Borealum is a grand keep overlooking a gated community. Staffed by roughly two hundred servants, the keep is immense and well maintained. Though the previous family took much of the art and furniture when they left, the Borealum has since been renovated with ornate furniture in a motif of marble. The original stained glass windows and murals of heroic battles still lend a sense of beauty to the keep even without the presence of additional artworks. For how large the keep is, the majority of the Borealum is the hedges, orchard, and forest. Even within the keep proper greenery is abundant. Various gardens and courtyards can be found scattered inside, decorated with statue-stands and fountains. The grand hall seats upwards of a hundred guests at the main table and hundreds more at the tables beneath. Though common logic would dictate that the stone keep lacks warmth in winter, a fire giant's heart is traditionally kept within the central heating system to warm the shining redstone floors year-round. As any proper keep does, the Borealum includes a chapel-room devoted to the Cult of Moments, as well as hidden enclaves for holding statues of the gods safely tucked out of sight. The central courtyard holds the training grounds for the guards, the smiths' forges, the stables, and the houndmaster's den. The forest east of the keep can be stocked with game captured in the northern woods to be hunted for sport. The orchard grows year round if a druid is paid to maintain the enchantments within. South of the keep lies the towering Arcaneum. To those with the eye for such things, it is evident the spire lies on top of a minor ley-line. Abandoned long before even the Favonias, the Arcaneum has fallen to a sad state of disrepair. And lastly, the track for horses lies on the property, though unused thus far.

-Eligius
First of Needfest, in the Year 722 of the Forty-Second Cycle
but id prefer to know if were eating babies here by like tomorrow so I can finish it if I have to
depends whos available
New baby delivery arrives Thursday
m e t a
not the gulgure dungeon
or having to fight them
avoiding enemies
well spending days underground
either the majority of a session or multiple sessions
like a long dungeon crawl
I mean either you like it or you dont
that's metal af
Undercommon

Spoken: Creatures of the Underdark tread lightly, never knowing which shadow may spell their doom. Their language is shaped by this caution. Undercommon is only ever spoken as a whisper. There is only one word that breaks this rule: "HELP." Denizens fill the darkness with screeching cries for aid. But travelers should beware: not all cries for help come from the helpless.

Written: Undercommon is mostly written on stalagmites. When given the time, creatures will write different messages on each side of a stalagmite. Each message will hold contradictory information. Only one message tells the truth. This method of writing serves as a hidden signpost for friends and allies: in case you are lost in the Underdark, just follow the truth to find safety.
theyre thiccc
nah theyre just big because theyre dragonkin
I'm surprised nobody wondered about the abnormal size of the iridescents
but besides them you haven't met dragonborn in the empire
yea the iridescents are a special legion made of dragonborn
yea. the big hint being theyre all 7+ ft tall
put a helmet on him and he looks human if you take the tail off
they can have shorter snouts
some dont
some have the full snout
some dont
some have tails
they vary
always
the iridescents are in full plate
and hes only like 5ft 7
zayns obv human
one of those was right
if anyone remembers
I did a bit of hissing when I spoke as one
again think about physicality
and it wasn't immediately obvious
you never bothered to check
 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I said you've met multiple
and nah
outlander
ill sy
no if you talk to someone and theyre obviously not human
really think about the physicality of dragonborn
ive given hints at it
you might remember
think for a bit
very briefly
but briefly
I guess you technically have spoken to one
you've been spoken to
spoken to
some of your servants aren't human
sometimes its just not pertinent
yea I mean I don't mention the race of everyone you've ever met
sometimes it just isn't I guess
 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
its not always obvious
you've met multiple
you have
721, colorized
letho turning in the heads to the Hand
Enumerated it's not as high as I thought 
Btw retroactively I said 8-12 cr. Not 10-15
"mom get out of my room reeeeee"
weve heard your mom on call
theyre not that loud
at least I dont
we actually don't care
its not weird lul
just be gemi around them
at man
youre home tho
we do
aight
we all good
so
ree
unless youre walking
trader joes isn't that far from your house
except unlike you I'm back
I'm actually exactly walking back from trader joes
lmao me too
store_location 3.0
ayy letho
i wanna know what to name the chat
also we havent
milo where are you
pulling wholefoods 3
also fucking jett
people have their group chats muted sometimes
message idk
ill brb
can someone check miles
not unless milos back. otherwise I'm gonna grab my lunch rq
go for it
i mean
except its not just empty black beneath
yea i mean yew's arm is like that. the twisting and warping of skin thats also changed color
so...thats how i learned to not get a tattoo i guess
then the guy asked if i was in a gang
i tried to get a tattoo in Taiwan over the summer
maybe when I'm older
nah
it might be gay to have one as a guy
but theyre for women
like full body traditional tattoos are ok i guess
:)
its like being black. it tells people youre a sketchy dude
anything thats not small or hiding under clothing
tattoos really hurt that
i want to get laid there though
where I go for a quarter of the year
in asia
or a mobster
you cant get hired for shit cause youre either a pornstar
if youre a tattooed dude
listen thats just how it is in asia
or youre in porn
the only reason guys get tattoos is to show youre part of the mob
its still pretty gay though
of any kind
not dudes
idk. I think that kind of tattoo is for rich women
is for women
the kind I'm thinking of
wtf
I'm not a woman
so I'm torn
but I do really like elaborate tattoos
same
tbh
picture girl looks like a typical half white half Mexican girl
exactly that type
theres a like 4 foot 9 Korean girl who I made a board game with
yea I know the type
are slutty
lip piercings
lmao
we all know edgy art people ulu
crawling in my skin
its pretty disturbing to watch
and when you let go they revert
when you hold the sword the petals grow
also its a magical curse tattoo
Edited previous message: yea but the neck up to the cheek
yea but the neck up to the cheeck
just on his arm
this is exactly how I pictures yew's tattoo
aight at least that's good
you ok?
wtf
dicey
things are gonna get
^
i can agree with that
its interesting
i do kind of like how you can mark your home and notable shops tho
so I guess we just need milo and miles vote
because ones easier but I like the looks of the other lol
just thoughts
I don't really have a vote
its "the stores in the king's district by the inn with the hare on it"
its not "The store is on 45th and Georgia"
which is kind of a roleplay thing if youre pretending you think like a medieval person
the other is styled but you don't know exactly where things are
but unrealistic considering maps of cities didn't really exist in this form
ones definitely more detailed
theres arguments for both
its just less visually interesting
it takes a tenth the time
what are your opinions on this kind of map vs the normal ones
other note
that's impressive
his arms are almost an anorexic dudes size
hes got big Halfling muscles
look at that halfing
everyones swole now
yew is the trap on the right
gemis the human chick
I just liked the drawing
cheqir far left
gemi two left of letho
letho next to him on his left
yew on the right
I have a custom paladin oath to pitch you
so if someone ends up dead
i like them
ill find a way to use these again I guess
hell yea
Viagra
the city of sunkist
I hear the nation of Nyquil is pretty nice
ive heard some pretty good things about the bay of oreo
pre assembled for a fee of 420 electrum pieces
shekels has nothing to do with valentines
double cr is already quad+ xp
Valentines day double xp palooza?
and that's what matters
ill not be dead inside
legit tho its valentines day so if a single person gets the right answer
4-12 just doesn't exist for yew
its auto 1 - 3
i mean for you
fate is stacked against the two of you
you guys better have letho and gemi roll for random encounters
lilys the hottest in that picture
but also
best combo
crimson and gold
are you sabotaging him
whats your number
alright parsa
and then janet
its 3 randos that happen to be at offlines house for some reason
brb reworking random encounter chart
fuck you
toast is a god
left to right
1 to 6
:) monkaS
so yea. pravaal disadvantage on random encounters for valentines day
that smile
all fuckin day
to lips like that
i could beat my meat like hector
is just hotter
they both wear lipstick but the redder shade
but at least its the right shade
yea
cant be hotter
less red lips
also
or shanghai or smth
janets chinese
than janet
i still think lilys hotter
artistic talent is hot
vs music and art streams
weird gwiyomi streams
yea but like
me_irl
i mean i am
but were talking peak rn
yea
this
but also the competition does
its not that bad for like a fuckin wall picture from a weird angle
actually I'm 200xp
which is only 100xp
unfortunately i am but a cr 1 monster
you killed me on the inside
kappa
disadvantage
quadruple
rn were at like a +2 cr
on your answers
I'm deciding how to nerf or buff monsters
yea
its like front of google images for her
but shes really hot with them to the side
i mean i don't hate them
is 9/10
i still think full makeup and styled hair lily
nah i don't think so
with clyde we found a nigger
shes the girl in the salil al sawarim clip
and gets carried in both
she just does pubg and league streams
janets close but shes too thick and has no talent
lily
i mean its a close second
so it cant be her
shes chinese
who I find hottest
you know dead fuckin on
just regular disadvantage
but its closer
that's still wrong
well
wrong answer
disadvantage
triple
janet, Jamie, leslie, lily, poki
whos the hottest girl in the offline tv house
actually
power of love
all enemies - 5hp
if you want
nierya is green
vilya is red
sometimes I forget
broachus is dead
and that's a ruby easily child-fist sized
the crystals on the bottom are decent sized
id say the staff is a solid 7 feet
the rose is pretty big
yea. theres a reason it prefers to be bonded to elves
so the barbs are a bit under a foot wide
the whole sword is 5ft
but theres overlap between the blade and hilt though
the whole thing is about 5ft
just the blade is probably pushing 4ft
and much harder to wield properly
its much longer than a typical longsword
actually that's kind of what it is
but its also a really deadly projectile
so most of the time the blade is for slashing
the barb keeps them inside the target
the 7 charge effect launches the blade clones in a straight line
of a sword that could be launched forward
like if there were mirages
if you have the magic to launch it
its basically one giant barbed arrow
also it makes it able to act as a projectile
cause elves are much stronger than humans
I don't think its a magical effect I think the blade just stabs all the way through
most of the time
which you are going to stab all the way through
so the barbs are just there because its a blade forged to slay titanic monsters and essentially demigods
or leather
but it also makes it easier to catch the blade on chain
which isn't an issue for an enchanted sword
the reason they didn't make serrated blades is cause the edge dulls much faster as you hit armored objects
they mostly point back
also those are basically barbs on the sword
if youre just trying to slash you want a smooth edge
like if youre gonna saw back and forth
serrations are for cutting
if you stab and try to pull out its harder
its the same with a serrated blade
its much harder to pull out
no when you shoot someone with a barbed arrow
yea kind of? its only serrated at the base cause otherwise how would you pull it out of people
Nierya 
cmon
shitpost in /all
tbh
yea 2 weeks is the fairest of those
yea but at least its not perma
but apparently riots minimum on racism is 2 weeks
for like 3 days
you definitely deserved a ban
no
chasing the fish he caught
and a seal crawled onto the beach
I saw a gif of a guy fishing
.
or add all the spells from the wiki
after
yea
also you can choose to add just the roll20 spells
you get double
that's what I thought
yea
15
well 2 then
oh
so that's 3 3rd level 3 second 4 first x 2 x 3 days
yea
oh yea the 3 days pass so you get 3 charges on both artifacts
we cant have whole foods 3.0
no pulling a whole foods
at 3
sounds good
that's the plan
and weekends basically all day
so basically all the time cause I don't do things
I'm free after 4 on Monday, after 7 on Tuesday, after 4 weds, 2 on thurs, all day fri
I'm ready whenever youre all free again so lets find sometime this week
mars nigga where you at
we all here?
anyone cant do tomorrow at 230
why are you not in call
I'm gonna go kill myself now
ok so I think the campaign is done
and set up a custom class
you can go to the gear section
ok
well yea no its not
oh
its the casting modifier for like 3 classes
that's it
like be a character that can at least understand what magic IS
just don't be too dumb
you don't have to be
like there are hired court mages that sit around all day working on enchantments for the crown
but people will do it
it will be difficult to do
the big difference magically is that enchanting objects will be a common thing
instead of try to fight them directly
you'll have to outwit them if you want to maneuver against them
are very well versed in magic and utilize it effectively
the higher powers, aka a decent amount of people you'd interact with
like instead of spy networks you have wards on the castle to prevent assassins
but if society evolved to get there by using magic
right at the height of the 1300s if were going by tech
yea
its really political
it fights right into this setting
oh fuck yea that's perfect
yea
I can do 4 tho
rn the consensus is 3
or would you prefer the typical level 1 start as nobody
About the characters, would you guys be interested in starting at level 8. Come up with some backstory that justifies this and jump right into the middle of the politics and being-a-somebody
Michael?
but yea i wouldn't mention it in front of jett
and milo knows
well david and diego aren't already
everyone else is in on it
i mean youre basically just keeping it from jett
i need an answer from parsa and Michael tho
if hes down
and miles
so I'm down to run it with just you guys
real talk tho rn these are the people i think would be the best players
cause fuck class
i skipped classes to write it earlier lmao
theres literally a list of phrases common to each kingdom of humans
because I take a long time to write lol
its not gonna be as regular a thing as tandoori
or we postpone
I or someone else would play their chracter
well yea the plan was doing shorter quests but if someone on a quest cant make the next session
etc
elves have their own
dwarves only use gold and gems
as human currency
with copper silver gold
its also a lot more by the books on gold
yes
I implied
but less magical items than tandoori
rn its pretty high fantasy
and wrote a ton of lore and setting already
I made the map
you guys decide
with 3-4
or it could just be a smaller one
up to 4 cause if we have 5 then we'd just be doing eluras
but not everyone does it every week
so like everyone has a character
run when not everyone can make it
it could be a variable campaign
actually so about the idea
bless
its done
