fuckin kojima
lets see which of yall niggas is real niggas
if bloodsouls comes to pc i'd probably try and finish it
warlock gang rise up
yeah but your mind is being used as a medium for extra-dimensional demigods so you don't really need to do shit at that point
i have yet to see a convincing argument
why not dissociate from reality completely and give your mind to the endless void
and this is dumb, but why close your third eye?
but
oh god
shlept'nt
awake af
im woke
yeah i just chugged tea and a redbull
nearly hour 30
at least when 4kids wasn't in charge.... then it wasn't all that metal
at least when 4kids wasn't in charge.... then it wasn't all that metal
yugioh was pretty metal
and maybe growing some head spikes
mans should consider putting his teeth on the outside of his mouth
yeah
it's like the opposite of a gargantuan elephant man
no traps, tiny head massive shoulders
for me
the problem is the shoulders
tiny head massive body is disgusting is the problem
a question?
is this even like
crimson chad
reality is starting to get a little wobbly
i’ve been awake for 28 hours
also idk how i found that song
good cat
cat cute
am i retarded
idk seems like a regular person to me
uhh cats?
uhh
fire emblem, memes
really hard sissy hypno
or is this like
hey gwyn
A lone ranger has a real bad day
there are plenty of mexicans darker than me
there are plenty of mexicans darker than me
i just saw that
lmfao
mother fucking pog champ
now i can oneshot bosses with a bone-ashed cannon in 4k?
wait bloodborne on pc
im gettin on mc
fuck it i'm down to waste my natural lifespan playing games for kids
let em loot
if ur mad cause they're getting free shit you should just loot too
no
xd
you know the rules. you can never leave
alright get back in here faggot
CA can't make up their minds on this curfew
bruh
wow these are god tier memes
that seems like a a fucking experience 
as in you played against slacks?
oh it fucked up steam servers damn
battlepass?
now that's some good shit
it took me less than 20 minutes to stop wanting to play minecraft
time to play some meinkraft
it's nearly midnight
arright
lul
we scale
gotta see that shit
im fucking getting on in 20
wow
videos fuckin hilarious 
meinkraft?
free minecraft servers, kinda dank.
i googled it
tf is aternos?
xd
we’re going on a nostalgia trip here and you’re shitting on it
i said 14 and retarded
retard 14 year old mars felt like a massive fucking hacker
felt cool as hell to have set up a server once you actually finished
idk
oh man
that was it
yeah hamachi
but fuck third parties and their third party interests amirite?
you gotta configure ips and do some dchp nonsense that i forgot how to do
and hopefully some pretty decent internet
which is why you need a stronger computer
but if you don't want to use external services you enable port forwarding on your router and basically host a lan party from your own computer
oh for realms? yeh
no
my laptop caint run that shit no way
2d gay
fuck terraria
x fucking d
oh
did at one point like years ago, totally forgot
ngl i have no idea how
so lets make a fuckin server
*shit
also i got minecraft looking less like this
it's big pog
fuck it lets do it
and i don't want to wait till september
im also kinda impatient as fuck
at the same time 
im retarded that's smart
see
OH
oh
like
or 
and save the rest for a fucking car.
i'd rather just get something good
considering what i run now
im looking at it
tf is ampere
will be great
i'll have enough for a sick pc in a month
hopefully nobody stops me
im looking forward to ca's stupid 600 a week from unemployment insurance due to the rona
rigged
ahh
it'll come
my hamster wheel comp will run that shit just fine
idgaf bout no rtx
lmao barely
i want to get those optifine shaders and shit to work if im gonna play minecraft though
almost seems like the rona was a ploy by sanders supporters to make all of his socialist dreams become a reality
what a dilemma
wow
less mouthbreathing banjo strumming sisterfuckers might be just what we need.
they are keeping themselves out of the greater gene pool
i mean
lul
nope.
huh.
really?
oh you're talking about patrons
the bigguns as bartenders?
don't gay bars usually have like
wow
xd
japanese box art
without getting all gay about it or anything
yes. only a true thad can appreciate another man's cock for the beauty and simplicity of its form.
that's where you're wrong
ngl that shits funny as fuck
(puke)
which was kinda gay, owl is the most fun boss fight in that game
i guess
but
i didn't think it was all that close
i saw the sword saint isshin one
i want more crashing nazi cargo planes into homoerotic vampires
people are wrong
joseph is by far the best
is that all that controversial 
this is terrible
fucking lol
the holy blade start's pretty dank ngl
the holy blade start's pretty dank ngl
i see
in kenshi
wait, where are you setting yourself up, miles
did you drop to the ground?
lmfao
lul
i’d argue to swap lawful good and chaotic neutral, but thats just because i dont wanna be a faggit in comparison to that gigachad up there
i mean
couldn’t go unsaid
is high tier
this
thats gold
s h a m e    r e a p e r
can i be a super saiyan?
homebrew races?
i got called by my mom and somehow i called the group chat trying to answer. Sorry.
.
thats p impressive
i mean
you gave yourself a brain tumor for $8?
are you the asshole who ties it twice?
but that shit disappears fast
though, if i haven't lost it yet i'll usually just reuse the bag clip
the twist and tuck has always been the right move
lawful goods
100% correct
that shit checks out
you know what
oof
that shit was huge
anyone else just get rocked by that earthquake?
sick air
good move though
yikes
you could hear the crack of that mans neck
ever made
the last level is the best shit
don't look up any spoilers
best game ever made
get ape out
i forgot devolver sale was a thing
oh fuck
which i think is my main grievance with the whole thing. he didn't have to flip over the piece of rotten meat. he just did it cause he's an asshole.
i feel like that would have pushed it from the "why the fuck are you making this video" territory, to the "oh shit i know exactly why the fuck you made this video." territory
ech the last like 10 seconds pushed me past that line
ech
so now you get it too
for some reason youtube put this shit in my face
enjoy! :)
im sending this video because i want to spoon my eyes out and eat them
im not sending this video to you all because i like you
im gonna say it's cosmic recompense for running a shitty dnd campaign to stave off the rona boredom for the boys
you know what you have to do milo
if they go ahead with the 2k per month thing imma buy a new pc, fuck it
fucking lul
i got my govt stimulus check so now im officially a neet
best this city’s ever looked
blade runner is better cyberpunk 
is aight
akira
its high key sick as fuck
in aom
im gonna int
in discord
aom
lies
they fucked themselves forever
they fucked themselves forever
uh excuse me retard thats exactly what i said
WB claimed it
WB claimed it
so buggs bunny being a struggling rapist is officially canon
oh yeah
oh my god they blew it all to hell
all i can say goodnight fellas
beep is the strongest warrior
oh my god
it's great
press w and my nigga screams gimme the juice
also birthday party fiddle makes shaco look like sissy hypno propaganda
whew i haven't liked a champ this much since kled
i just want new fiddle
fuck regular league
i played one game
very fun
new fiddle is pog as fuck
to get a game on the pbe
its so hard
sure
quack game?
at least i didn't int
LOL
cause some asshole in my house pissed in our router's electrical socket?
is that why it was the worst?
i dc'd last night and just didn't come back
a new banger
dunkey’s done it again
just put it in a notification straight on their smartphone or smart watch or stupid fkn google glasses
LOL
fucking 
lmao
ok
major faggot energy 
biden is the opposite of obama
lmao
will you join me in my 2020 crusade? all women must die
but i suppose i was wrong
i tried to see better of them
they lie to guys but not to each other
false but true
true
but if my girl lie to me over stupid shit she won’t stay 
i mean for safety you can always opt to get a daddy
but esteem needs are right
all of these
i mean theres more you can do for like
riot just wants an excuse to get more money
its like apex legends stat trackers except those are free
whats the difference between the rp eternals and all the non rp ones?
literally nothing
ah no, 3%
12%
which in the grand scheme of things is like
rn bernie’s only down by 65
idk
cause riot knew everyone knew they were bs
noooooo
you bought them?
and its also not like all the bernie retards would take trump over a democrat
i mean its not like biden has won
It'd take a lot of careful paperwork to try and make that shit stand in courts. But it'd be worth. 
oh, free.
so we just analyze the data and sell that shit?
The problem is that regardless of if it's 50 or 500 influenceable people, you'll end up with scenarios like boomerberg's dumbass ad campaign. Everyone will see it and start to realize that they don't actually enjoy having shit shoved into their faces. And targeting the most easily influenced people just makes that even more apparent to anyone with the brainpower to recognize that they're being targeted with ads.
But uh, what exactly does genetic diversity have to do with network-based advertising? I mean large numbers shouldn't be a problem for an AI with the right amount of processing power so it isn't a stretch to search for the 500 closest people and go from there.
no u
40k is stupid.
:)
that mans holds the key to my heart and my chastity belt
uti is the exception to this rule
i don't like adventure time
also i'm impossible to influence
so why not?
that said i don't use social media
i am vehemently against this
cause he’s got big dick energy
cause he’s cooler than they are
bernie’s boomer colleagues hat him
so vote bernard for the lulz
truee
alexa hit that x files theme
what the fuuuuuuuuck.
yeah wtf
oh
ok league broke my mental
aight
get to bed dawg
oh
oh an hour
feels bad
like 45 mins late
i just saw this
who wants to spam gamer words in skribblio chat with me?
just gets me
i don’t get the meme totally but that fuckin face
lmfao
(fireworks)(fireworks)(champagne) Nigger (champagne)(fireworks)(fireworks)
free on steam, just a demo
but milo in particular, you’d like it
check out this game called star fetchers
any bored niggas in the chat
ay
yeah that's not how shit works
if they're not satisfied
get another job
so they greedy ass niggas?
what bad thing happened on a private island that made you realize that?
oh god
Yes.
Yes.
question mark.
i wrote that as a sentence but meant it as a question.
anyone wanna play duck game.
ok im done doing stupid bullshit for the day
[B]eague
bernie no
its great
yuh
taco zone be a taco truck by the autozone
im so incredibly happy
its been a month but taco zone is back
oh fuck
get over here
town hall meeting is in session
no u
yall niggas retarded
even outside is nice in iceland
iceland be where its at
its not even false
eggcellent
which means that if you move to iceland they’ll all fuck you to expand the gene pool
fucking hilarious
is
this
holy shit
companies should be paying him to review their games
and bar chicks kinda suck
look if height is the deciding factor in the appearance of dominance in a relationship you're doing it way wrong
this is why being 6'5 is  lame
arright
hop on discord
i'll type at eric
tru
xd
i writer let me write
typing is gooder
?
fuck
?
we're not normal either
you're not normal
eric you're talking to us bozos arent you?
learning to be yourself is less important than learning to use yourself imo
discontent creates change
discontent is good
im down as well sounds dank
it's ego stop living so selfishly and commit your body and soul to the human hivemind
i know the fuckin feel
for a job that you're not even sure you want for that matter
it's just one that is suffused with people
well comedy is a main gig
comedy is not
sponsoring is a main gig
you die
if you want to be an actress in hollywood and you move to hollywood from delaware with no plans in place?
entertainment is where shitty unfounded dreams go to die
that's not true
entertainment and service industry
thats really it
entertainment
idk
even if that means moving to a college dorm
firstly, move out.
then change it in whatever way possible
are you fulfilled with your current lifestyle?
well thats kinda dumb
quit league
you don't want a job that drains your balls
milo stem, medicine and law will drain you and your balls
maybe youtube
not tv, podcasts or smth
100k or bust
oh that's doggie dog for the work you'd be putting in.
system automation probably pays way more.
aerospace or weapons tech?
what kind of rocket?
yes.
^
you should be a talkshow host milo
gay
gay
gay
anarchy isn't innately edgy or anything
im just a true anarchist
im not edgy
pffft
you still are the edgiest one
ez money
microdose to cure ur depression
not wrong
eh
i meet bar chicks
i don't go to class.
never
yeah
and then i never get in contact with them again.
the only stands i have last one night
me?
you think I'm gonna do some shit for v day?
fuck no
valentines day is a bitch day.
yeah
then cook her food
ok then do it
can you afford to take her out for $1500 steak just for valentines day?
that was her mom playing your dad.
except that wasn't her mom playing you
you already got played
best advise you'll ever get.
ask her what she wants and then do that.
nobody here has valentines day ideas
no
TRU
don't marry her if she doesn't want a prenup
"no, i only married you for the greencard"
you're the one living in america
you can hold it over her
no
that's gay
you want her to have to be in heels and stand on her toes if she wants to kiss you?
why do you not want your girl to be as tall as you in heels?
xd
type y for no and n for yes
should we send help?
is she reading over your shoulder?
are you describing your girlfriend?
live a better life
decrease your size to 6'4
take the hormones
you gotta do it
milo
more asians for me
look at projared
you'll just come back even better than ever
cause even those girls can't hurt you over unfounded lies
it can happen to anyone but unless you actually raped some girl, then it will blow over
unless you need to tell us something, eric
also you can't get metoo'd if you're not a pedophile rapist so you're already safe
you're safe
yeah that metoo shit dont exist there
the ones from germany are just dommes
but not the ones from germany
they do
they're naturally taller
go for german chicks milo
l u l
if you tried to date sarah, milo, diego would beat the shit outta you
cause diego is chad af
nah
xd
*sarah
you should date sara
and she talked to us and it was chill
diego fell asleep
and after they got there
i only saw it at your birthday eric
?
yeah ur gonna be waiting my guy
and if she leaves then you just get a new one
she's compelled to stay with you because the government said so
just slap her if she's a bitch
mandated
you're in favor of government madated gf?
so
what if they're greekgodx
what if they're an ugly piece of shit?
is that too much to ask?
I want 1 dollar a year from every person in the world
if anything the more shitbrained people there are, the more people you have to sell shit to
why the fuck do you care about the gene ratio of the world?
gay dudes have the issues
gay women can reproduce just fine
did you not hear me say that i barely want kids? why the fuck would i want grandkids?
and 2 cause then i don't have to worry about her getting fucked by dudes
1 cause lesbians are hot and my family better pull bitches
i want my daughter to be gay
i'll be the resident nigga
fuck new zealand move me to iceland
very little issues when it comes to poverty
they have no population issues
their energy is almost entirely clean
with more than that
so i guess im not having an autistic kid regardless, problem solved.
i didn't even know that was a thing
but thats just cause i don't want my kids to have to live with being autistic and the stigmas that surround that
it's about the kids, personally i'd still let iceland test my unborn kid for the tism and let them abort it
well its not about you
when it comes to kids
some people shouldn't have to deal with their lots in life
abortions are good
what the fuck is wrong with my life
then you're like
a catastrophe is when you have 2 kids, 1 an autistic paraplegic son, and 1 a thot skank daughter and you find out that she uses the son to emotionally bait people into spending money on her
but i'd hesitate to call that a catastrophe
yeah
that's blowing it up a bit
was autistic i'd probably have another kid
but if my first kid
regardless
i only want 1 kid if any
im asking gwyn
if your first kid was autistic and you could support a second kid would you stop having kids?
most people do
yeah you should be a dad
these are objectively true facts
people are no longer allowed to change in the age of social media
you say the wrong shit once and it lasts forever that's how this shit works
nah
eric you shouldn't be a father ngl
do we blame them? yesss
black dads fail all the time
failing as a parent is ghosting your kids
you're failing at failing well
so you've already mislabeled it
but if you learned something you didn't fail
failing is only good if you learn from it
to answer your question milo
well failing is wrong cause it's beta.
for the "greater good"
than i would work my ass off
i'd rather teach my kids how to kill a rapist with nothing more than a ballpoint pen
and if you think there is you're a cuuuuck
there's nothing wrong with being selfish
smoke a couple bowls and grind out a few children seems like the optimal way to live life
IS there more to life than grinding?
hol up
low level managers are bad bosses
well no shit
that's good
you're his fucking cousin
to deal with those people regardless
you gotta be strung pretty high in order to keep pushing yourself like that
i think those two kinda do go hand in hand
uhhh
?
so why does that same line of reasoning not apply to yourself
if others tell you someone else is cool do you believe them?
exactly
for the most part
cool is a facade
most cool people aren't that cool
and also cold blooded
they got to that spot by being smart
producers just say yes or no for a living
that's literally all they do
studio execs just sign checks for a living
league sucks
are they not working for a living?
im talking strictly in terms of how filled their pockets are
but im not saying they're unlikeable
*few
a fe
the ones with a shitton of money are the studio execs and the producers
professional actors are like mid tier at best
in the movie industry?
yeah i know
the higher you go the larger the egos
that's not the people at the top
me?
so remove government ez clap
the majority of the reason for killing is government and government created institutions and ideologies
except nobody's gonna do that without reason anyway
so that you can be sure that people aren't running around killing each other
government is control
government isn't enjoyable
why play games?
well nah
yeah
flip the table play a different game
omegachads own and create companies
rat fuckers manage companies
rat fuckers don't run companies
it's incredibly appealing
and good wifi
no i'll just live on a hill with good lines of sight.
kill them.
that's simple
well
and your name
technically the government owns your body
i can literally be paid for existing by people without that lil rat that's fuckin tryna bite off a piece of my hand cause i was born in the area they said was theirs.
and not get taxed on it
except without government i can charge whatever i want for my own ip and merch
^^^^
i mean that seems optimal as fuck
any time is a good time, just like no government is good government
that's the best play
i want to nuke the white house and move to new zealand
i don't specifically want to tilt you, but tilting you appears to be an added bonus to running my fucking mouth, so i'm reveling in it.
but you gotta have backup plans
i'd of course elect bernie
you don't want to kill a bunch of rich people and loot their stuff like it's fuckin fallout new vegas?
cause it'd be fun
sure but if trump gets re-elected we all arm ourselves and storm the upper class
lul
well if you haven't gone to court and gotten fucked in the ass yet by trump's judges so far it probably won't happen while he's still president
on the reg
except miss sanders
it'd still be rough
but yeah
milo could live in a much nicer place if he wasn't in santa monica tbh
same
and you're not
because you're on the cusp of being half decent
the middle class is by far the worst class on that we can agree
she also looks like a frog and that's why she called pepe a hate symbol
still is
also we didn't win california cause the feminists were literally exploding out their vaginas for hillary. but that shit's calmed down these days
pete's a faggit and everyone knows
naw dude california is bernie all the way
if ur getting influenced then ur a lil bitch
and your opinion doesn't matter
and we can't affect the iowa census
unless bernie pussies out like he did in 2016
the fact of the matter is we don't live in a state where shit like iowa's census affects us in the slightest
but i voted for bernie in 2016 cause hillary was gonna win in ca regardless and she can't have my support
i don't know who lily graham is
oh
you think your dad is gonna vote for clinton?
well in the direction they want to influence you
then it doesn't actually influence you
so?
ew
does media influence your decision?
also they're wrong a majority of the time
media gay
they're voting trump anyway.
who cares?
with the whole iowa thing
yo so
fucking lol
lul
for the meme
nvm you should do it
oh holy balls
nigga can wait on his ciggies.
no
and maybe just type something stupid simple like read [char]
also very high iq video right there good shit
but i think the correct answer there is to use your fuckin eyes
yeah that don’t make sense if you don’t study fucking coding
i mean
hahaha
wow shit F
oh
"i don't know the word (button)" ~milo
needs more scruff
he's got a gayboy face
and still is
but their fuckin pr team is weeblord central
riot's studios are probably bro culture
alright
league is definitely being overrun by the weebs
league is not bro culture
so i could see it
idk most game devs are pretty pc
muted
part two is the best one
what?
fucking retarded and hilarious 
wow thats
discord?
im tilted
if they give an answer that isn't "Idk, i don't really watch basketball" then they're automatically bullshit
that's retarded
who the fuck would pick lebron over jordan?
i don't want to buy overcooked.
you know a nigga named paris?
you know a nigga named paris?
its the same shit
mandatory rehabilitation=jail
it is true
still bernie&gt;biden
*rn
biden's rly not doing his best nr
tarkov looks not bad
f for two worlds
rip
just to run around and be the biggest fucking douchenose ever
it's kinda worth on that alone
at least what i heard of it
the dialogue is kind of incredible
yeah
whats you consensus on the game now, then?
and soaking it in boiling water and drinking it was the best thing before crushing it and snorting it.
cause those peeps in africa and south america wanted to try anything they could to get high
nah man, lets be real, her feelings are #2, and your feelings are number 1
lets play some games
food achieved
aight
so im prob gonna do that first
i was gonna make some food
maybe with some more bools
game?
duck
suh
i'd have gone back for my mans
fuck
uti was playin league?
wait wat
it's not about handling it it's about enjoying it.
objectively
well actually yeah
i said the gamer word and then it was referenced like once or twice
no
i skipped to the bottom and decided eric was wrong on a whim
i didn't read it all
how was your day.
sup jett
no you're edgy
being sober in general is inadvisable
which is inadvisable
unless you're fucking sober
no you don't
randomly eat her out and don't ask for anything in return once in a blue moon
and never budge
and then HOLD that shit over her for the rest of her damn life
anyway if you want your girlfriend to stop giving you shit
that probably contributes heavily
also it helped that i was blasted and had no idea which direction was up
exactly
nobody 22 compares
best head i ever got came from a bitch who was at least 29-30
and then theres shit i don't want
like theres head that's really good
YES
or i like the really unpracticed nerdy ones
i guess i've been unlucky
nobody knows how
getting head sucks
i eat it.
so
pussy tastes good.
again
sometimes it's a slightly off smelling puss, sometimes its a goddam hair caught in your teeth
i mean theres shit you deal with
but pussy is preferable
i mean variety is the spice o life
well
i guess
well
nope
definitely not.
hard disagree
never the other way around
i've heard of people thinking they did and then not liking the real thing though, milo.
i think it's just a do or dont
i don't think so
that shits nasty
there are people out there not in cells that like shit play
i mean
7bil people on the planet ofc there is some depraved piece of shit like that out there
there's definitely someone out there that would jizzle in there pants after getting suckerpunched in an alleyway
in the moment
yep
yes
it's just fucked up
there is
then it's just assault
the kink isn't a kink unless they're jumping you sexually
i mean
LOL
that's bad.
it's a kink. don't kinkshame, milo.
adrenaline is a hell of a drug man
"fight"
i've already bet like 20 bucks on this fight
are you though?
i see it happening
ez
i'll find a hoe that doesn't want that
hard agree
heres the thing i don't want to defeat a hoe
xd
LOL
it's not about being right.
ez glap
i grew up with a single black mom. who was pretty attractive. whenever she was stressed out she had like 6 dudes on call.
make the dick good enough to satisfy the body, mind and soul.
its not even hard
yeah
if she's complaining about some shit she probably just wants more dick
parents aren't always unconditional
that's not necessarily true
you can't teach chillness
motivate and stress her out
yeah
well
that stress probably comes from familial pressure, yeah
things jut happen regardless
no
without solid proof or enabling drugs
but you can't really convince her of that rn
i agree with you there
yeah
well
what does she stress and worry about?
so
and u know it
my dumbass scribblio is the best
in a non-joking manner
just stop calling people niggers
nobody wants to take away your happiness or change your life plan
on a basic level
but the fact that eric is probably the happiest and most satisfied person in the groupchat and still has the worst opinion of people and the world in general. that makes his worldview the bleakest.
it affects it
yeah
no
self-importance isn't a worldview
exactly
that has nothing to do with a worldview
not even
eric yours is bleaker
same
what's the difference between making a suicide pact with a normal ass nigga and a suicide pact with a tranny?
yes
next time milo plays league everyone in the world dies
we should make a suicide pact
HAHA
it's already established that he doesn't want to change his mind
ok why are you arguing with eric about this?
it is muted
holy shit you guys are systematically killing my skype
perfectly depicts what sakurai thinks of us
this is an amazing image
wow
byleth in smash kill my whole self.
fuckin autists and their abject selfishness
what are/were you cooking?
i’ll do the right thing and call the jihad upon thee. for allah
your poor tainted soul
league is the devil
no league
dude don't talk good about china
fucking lmao
lul
ye
And yeah experiences and connection like that. Without extraneous bullshit is worthwhile.
for me im just trying to find reasons to not kill myself.
for them its like recovering from years of repressed anxiety and depression 
and it was me and a bunch of people like 30 years old and up drinking this tea to try and heal old wounds and shit
like my mom had me go to this group thing, and that was where i was last night
so you can like honest and open with yourself and the people around you
well the physical part is like kinda okay but you do it to remove those layers and walls of built up crap from your psyche
yeah
and nah at melting away more like just vibrating all over and feeling like getting pushed into the ground.
ayahuasca is shitty unprocessed dmt. @eric
had to shut off my phone like 15 mins after typing that shit
that shits hilarious 
also lmao at irl streams
Ayahuasca trip Mars. Open forum. AmA
he’s back
alright 
d a m n
wow banger of a meme
lego city
Yeah next patch she's getting buffed
i get what you were asking now.
ahhh
in the back
except that one motherfucker
like the model was copy pasted several times over
THATS him
n he's in the back fuckin wildin like an animal
see how all of the guys are standing all neat and orderly
oh fuck i found him
that motherfucker is the real hero of this video
that's some sick shit
i will say, those fuckin demacia battle lines with galio behind them
and once he realizes that he's gonna puke
it totally does
no
its that they were super far apart and she looked like an alien
yeah it wasn't that they were too big
oh wait nevermind
they were tiny
no
she needed bigger eyes
idk they kinda fucked up her face in the last video
irelia is the thicc bih
it's working
fuck you
you're literally saying that to upset me
kaisa do be thicc tho
that was cool
and urgod
at least cait and vi got some love
i don't wanna see lux
league videos are filled with lux
fuuck
bruh hit me
fuck you have auto response?
worlds going nuts
yo
wtf
hahaha
yo that's def 6 fingers
bruh am i retarded or does bronson have six fingers on those paws
cause fuck fantano for making the easily impressed normies like my ascendant patrician music
that death grip meme makes me upset
maybe not launch missiles at every third jet that passes over their country
but they gotta slow down
i mean i feel bad for them
iran is getting kinda retarded
but it’s scuffed as fuck
web browser instagram is there
not really
lmao
gj
well then totally dodged
xd
that said you could be drafted as a pilot or a mechanic or something
you're unfit for service
exactly
the army doesn't want depressed people cause having someone who actively wants to die is a massive liability on the battlefield, both to themselves and their companions
but you can always go to your psychiatrist and tell them you wanna kill yourself for that free as fuck clinical depression diagnosis
degeneracy doesn't protect anyone, sadly
he's aspie so he's safe
xd
he's aspie so he's safe
*true
that's trough we do have way better computational power all across the board
my gait changes depending on the neighborhood im walking in.
if you're not retarded it's pretty simple to dodge that shit
but like
that is pretty cool
yeah
me? leave the room? xd
same
that's the morally right thing to do
and helping them kill the fat bastard
tbh we should be siding with iran
exactly
they have said that they literally only have beef with trump and not with the us
they only hate trump
iran literally doesn't want to start a war with the us
haha you wish
and
im to fucked up in the head to raise a child
cause i aint having kids
^ yeah that's why it's cool to litter
x fucking d
eric tries to become a military contractor to design genocidal ai, while we band together to take him down in the finale
like it was some sorta stupid story arc
see i thought you were talking specifically to eric in reference to this specific friend group
...
we as in humans or we as in us?
wait wat milo?
and it's probably not happening
war is war
war isn't genocide
on top of it
and plug that shit in
get a mechanical keyboard
bruh just
no
fuckin copy pasting penis
literally the reason you need p key on your keyboard
and to argue it you have to moralize it
i mean you can't get it if you can't argue it
eric you're retarded, you can't moralize genocide with the randomness argument
jfc man
p is even worse
milo u gotta fix your keys
operating without a y is fuckin rough
what you want is easy as fuck
dude just plug yourself into vr and never come back out
ew is this some evangelion shit?
xd
my god form has six arms and all of them would fuck you up
if everyone's perfect then how the fuck are you gonna be better than everyone else?
eric that's gay
nah that shit's fine i don't wanna hurt nobody
except i'd grow like 6 arms
ez new body
i'd fuckin do it
@gwin
but that idea does.
not many things scare me
gwyn with a gat
aight niggas im outta work
oh, well that old trailer, yeah. But that was pre-alpha 
maybe but i haven’t seen it
idk haven’t seen any actual gameplay
ghost of tsushima?
also you can’t even enlist if you’ve been diagnosed with clinical depression. I fuckin tried
you don’t need to apply for federal student aid to go to community college, you also do not need to sign for selective service.
which admittedly is not often
i break like 5 laws every time i walk out of the house
cant draft me for selective service if i never took your tainted fake government money
200 iq plays
cause i never did that fafsa shit and didnt go 
tbh all of yall are gonna be drafted except me
i'd meet you guys but it takes a fucking hour to get there and back
india superpower 2020
like getting laid off from our jobs and evicted from our apartments. real nigga shit
before the end of this decade, all of us will stop being stupid bullshit schoolkids with fake problems and instead be stupid bullshit adults with real problems
i mean not really though
yeah
2020
happy new year fuckers
young people are shitty and bad, no offense jett, you’re fine.
who the fuck wants to be grouped up with those fortnite vape trick retards? no offense jett you’re a cool one.
we’re not virgin zoomers, were chad milennials -1
obama 4k40
i think this is ideal
correct 
yes
i mean
you snooze you fuckin lose
hahaaaa
that shit mighty gay
idk man
and
anal dp
it sounds like
im gonna go get a burger at mc d’s and on god if its made of either chicken or plants i’ll hang myself on the spot
did i wake up in some alt reality where niggas dont get shot for bringing borderline ieds onto planes and LA air isnt practically solid with car exhaust?
like
ay does anybody know wtf is going on with the assload of snow on the mountains that seems to be going on? and why the sky seems to be clear as fuck and not hazy/smoggy at all?
yeah
complete dogshit security 
they let me onto a plane with a pressure cooker in my backpack 
lol
also, TSA is complete dogshit at their jobs
lmfao
uhh
remarried
im good
merry christmas 
check internet
can you buy fruit seeds?
deseeded strawberries?
35 dollars for a honeydew?
oh ya u right u right
xd
didn’t die so i guess im stuck here with yall mfs for a lil longer
sf for christmas 
no
thanks
im getting on an airplane. if it crashes and i live come visit me otherwise nice knowing yall
well i would but im busy
nope
wait that's a rian johnson movie
fuck him
when?
im gonna force feed you booze till you drop
fuckin tomorrow?
how about
we gotta learn this stupid fucking game
but space station 13
not a sseth video
what time, 1?
i'll ride with ya, eric
respond to you in dm?
did he like
2pm?
and even if they go tomorrow im not going cause fuck that
and the whole thing was just a bait
im assuming that they're not going to see frozen
they're retarded
lmao
is it digbo's girl?
someone make it
no fucked up words?
regular skribblio?
yo
have no idea wtf it is cause the trailer was less descriptive than the elden ring trailer
i saw a trailer for the amazon game
yeah same
which theater?
tuesday?
come on niggas, you know what time it is
very op
you build a fuckin titano hydra and then there's little to no difference between how you play the two
he's exactly like vi except with more burst and less mobility
sett ult is just vi ult
and naw man
w is broken
like a more fun vi
sett feels good as fuck to play
ngl
wtf is this?
lmao
join, fuck bitch
skribblio
time to DRAW?
theres a proven 2:1 ratio between gf blowjobs and dinners cooked
actually eric just learn anyway
otherwise learn to cook
if you’re just trying to save money and not starve then it’s rly not that hard
being healthy isn’t cheap
well then yeah
pisses me off
actually 
this shit
yeag dude
what the fuck
guys
lets go
you never play skribbl.io
alright fuckers skribbl time
my dad introduced me to the exec VP of Katz network and the guy offered me a job in philly
but we were all wasted and i think he and my dad had done several lines worth of coke by that point
will keep you posted
i've gotta follow up
so i have no fuckin clue
we were all fuckin wasted
again
idk what the fuck happened last night but i think i got fired and im moving to atlanta to work on tv shows
man
never gets unhype
watching people go through the path of pain
but this video makes me happy
not sure why
(puke)(puke)(puke)(puke)(puke)(puke)
that fuckin link
(puke)
(puke)
i lost hour 0
me? fuck no
we all know you destroy pussy on the reg and theres no way nnn would put a stop to that.
either
i don’t believe that
do not believe you
i
nobody 
fr
like
who actually won nnn?
if we were drunk and at mcdonalds i’d order for myself no matter how faded, tyvm
im en route to cava, then
thanks brothers
thatd be hella dope
if my nigmas would be so kind as to put the place in chat
i defer my restaurant vote to group, meet you there
change might to will
except more cause i don’t want to fucking uber to sm and the train is right by my place
same
also 12 on the promenade
if it's at 12 i'll probably have time to come
actually
i'll have pleeeeeenty of time to talk shit
no work tomorrow, just gotta ride the check collecting merry-go-round.
then im gonna make fun of you
if yall decide to be white women and get brunch
js
dam im gonna be busy
in most cases
i think a human with a gun beats it
and kill him with the plunging attack
it'd probably just drop on the motherfucker from a tree
but yeah
*sweat
it'd break a swea
a tiger could do it
tigers are rogueish
they're pack hunters
lions aint that rogueish
well
pfft
it's just that instead of it happening in 2 seconds it happens in .2 seconds
not that that wasn't always the case
if malph or bard lands a 4-5 man ult you basically instantly win
flamethrower ult just instantly bursts their entire team if they're clumped up tightly
flamethrower ult just instantly bursts their entire team if they're clumped up tightly
or scythe chakaram, you use scythe q to fully stack the passive then swap over to just delete everyone
like chakaram+rifle you just set down a chakaram q and go ham
and then also understanding that the chakaram when paired with a good weapon is fucking op
the only moderately hard part of the fkn champ is getting used to the missle speed on the different guns
so if you fuck up you're actually retarded
but honestly there's like 7 different on screen trackers for your ammo
and if you have enough of a brain to keep track of your guns
if he gets ahead
but he's only fun cause he's fucking ridiculously broken
nah he's still fun
you probably won't get there till like 5-6 am, huh?
how long is the greyhound to SM?
really really fuckin easy
in unrelated news, aphelios is
too bad
damb
duck game?
i got home at a reasonable hour
wow
and it’ll probably be the same again tonight 
no skribbling for me
i didn’t get home until like 1
i missed skribble
damb
wow
but i do want to play it
fuckin weird ass kit
huh
does he just get static level ups or something?
fuckin meme
e doesn't exist
only has 3 buttons
it actually looks pretty coo
riot has been huffing gas
guys
ay happy birthday david
ok
does it take place in disney russia or what?
that shit was gay
noooooope
^
so valve is killing no memes today
but it's also not half life 3
i'd be very excited about that game if i had any sort of vr shit or the space to use it or a computer that could possibly run that without exploding
jfc
if i can find a good torrent i’ll send
cause its so much better to go in blind
i don’t rly wanna say much
new
korean movie
its a movie
you guys should check it out if you find the time 
parasite is a very very good movie
thats kinda sick
he wears a boar on his head i think its safe to assume the latter
and yeah
also its 3 houses
lmk if he’s worth it in your opinion 
i’ve heard the 3rd mc is better
death stranding cured my doomerism
only monster
fucking hate that guy
much like mgs tbh
also i think it's more fun to experience the plot by watching or playing the actual game, since the way they execute it definitely outshines what it actually is
really can't take it seriously
i like the game as one big meme
but it's got some fantastic setpieces
kinda retarded
idk man the plot is kinda fuckin nuts
lmao you did?
u right
gatorade woulda gone out of business in that world
you know, fair
...
i still dont know why they made up their own energy drink for that movie instead of using gatorade
wtf is brawndo
huh?
the meme?
huh?
there is no water in kojima’s idealized america 
a lot of monster energy 
with monster energy
then i quit it
until the orange guy showed up
of all japanimations out there demon slayer isn’t bad
lmao
is retarded
that
nothing ever changes
ninjas have always been the oppressed minority
nah b it's just a well timed luigi down taunt
rly can’t beat that shit
and you can lay down as many of them as you want
cause it has deployable ziplines
and its better than fuckin everything out there
yeah
death stranding is game of the year fuck everything else
alright
^ fr
that's hilarious
holy shitting fuck
my booma
also milo your new picture is not best girl and i'm severely disappointed
that game... yikes is an understatement
8, yessss?
camping at 8 yes?
this game is retarded
just gonna point this out
well is it true?
but most of them lie
i imagine most dentists are like this
nice meme
but i was proven wrong
i was expecting this to not be funny
holy shit
this is fucking gold
that’s an abomination . why?
is that a sink/water fountain hybrid?
doesn’t matter so long as they’re delivered
but you can choose the lashing implement
i was just posting this to fuck with eric
so no you’re out. 20 lashes upon thee, bitch
also gwyn i asked the question and you answered that we would
horus heresy is really hard to get into for me man
i bought the book but haven’t finished it
are we gonna count nutting under the influence as a true nut for the purposes of nnn?
yea
highly accurate
yes
because it's a fucking dumbass meme and we're fucking dumbasses
doing what?
i’ll trade you
jett your bed is quite comfortable 
well second bed turned couch
on milo’s couch
but when i get home i’ll be extra down
i have not been home since i left for your place last night, eric
if you want them, make them up
idfc about punsishments
twenty lashings
lmfao
you make up the punishments
are these fair prizes for NNN?
for parsa this means food of some sort, i guess.
and maybe everyone in chat has to buy you a shot of your choosing once
if you win you get hard r privileges for a year
That’s nutty
wow blizzard decided to not shit the bed?
i mean if you wanna play no nut nobember on hard mode go for it
yes
i think it’s important to note that in light of making NNN more gender accessible and progressive and shit that all orgasms of any kind shall, for the month of november be considered nutting
but im assuming its real
also i just made all that shit up
all that shits off limits while you’re still in the running
or the no nutt nutt loophole
or the handless nutt loophole
that means you can’t use the fist yourself to completion loophole
and nobody can do it
i only assume because it’s funnier that way
oh
if u nut u lose. what are we betting this time?
it has begun
i no longer have a desire to engage in philosophical discussions with the peanut gallery so now I can appreciate that meme and call you guys nerds at the same time
hah
nerds
no
sleep’nt
stinky
ew
grab on y
ew wot
but i cannot stand not having a z
i mean you had enough buttons to dedicate one action to everything 
rly?
not massively different but different 
smash 3ds is a different game from smash 4 tho
nah fam you just sent the fabled jewu
unless that handheld thing is a switch
console games should never be adapted to handheld
its rly weird to send an uwu when blasting gojira
uwu
huh, cool
gwyn i never asked, do your parents know?
its actually massive gay
yes
uwu
pissing on people’s cars was a bit mote fun
so far i feel no discernible difference 
this time im trying an altruistic walk home, so i bought a pack of oreos and im handing them out to anyone i pass on the street
lmao
thank me
got the worst one out the way now you dont have to worry about jokes of people fucking your cat
i’d motorboat that haha Xddddd
isnt that just double stuf michael?
that sounds like a fucjin motorboat 
is that your cat???
[1572251709] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: dont get me wrong i’d eat the pile of cookie shells afterward and enjoy it more

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
i just think the result is worth the sacrifice 
dont get me wrong i’d eat the pile of cookie shells afterward and enjoy it more
i mean
d e t e r m i n a t i o n
i see nothing wrong
All the best parts of an entire pack of oreos in one cookie
Superiority
restraint and dedication 
the missing link
holy fuckin shit
transformers gave me early onset diabetes 
l m fucking a o
truly the guiding light of this group of retards
you’re the alpha among alpha males
thank you david
i haven’t actually gotten to say that piece yet in one of these philosophical arguments. so now that i have i don’t need to take part in any more if these. thank fuck
fuck all the dumb shit
so what i’m getting at here is i hope all yall degen niggas live thoroughly satisfying lives that you can look back at and think “yeah i regret none of that.”
i think you just gotta do whatever makes you the most satisfied and then do it enough that you’re satisfied with it
thats really it
which i guess is why im not buddhist
otherwise theres no point in believing in it
i just assume that if you’re going to believe in reincarnation the next obvious assumption is to try and make progress through those incarnations of yourself 
i don’t claim to be buddhist, nor do i claim to know buddhism any more than anyone else.
i could say that i will but i already believe that you know what you’re talking about 
again i did say pseudo, cause that shit sounds kinda dumb
i didn’t know that but you won the semantics war there
okay
if you don’t want to label it
or at least a perpetuation of your being
reincarnation implies a soul to be reincarnated 
and has within it a reincarnation system 
buddhism stems from a reincarnation system
i said pseudo
all that matters is achieving nirvana, whatever that means to you personally
i kinda ended up with a pseudo buddhism
i think those concepts are bs
yes
aside from other people saying “hey i don’t like that”
a soul brings perpetuity into it but theres no reason to believe that anything is right and anything is wrong
why would it do that?
no
eric don’t kill anyone
i think eric falls in that category, so i don’t think there’s anything actively wrong with what he wants and what he’ll do to get that, unless he kills someone
if not, fuck it, make as much money as you can and make sure your children are set
as for cosmic scale, i only bring it up because somewhere along the line i made the conscious decision to believe in the existence of the human soul. the human experience wouldnt take place on a cosmic scale, but your soul would, so for someone who believes in a soul that shit would matter
the fact of the matter is that most parents love their kids
well should and are are two different things i think the should has always been there, but i doubt it has ever been followed through with to a meaningful percentage 
inherent meaning because of unlikelyness is stupid and inherent unmeaning without value is also stupid. I’d say inherent unmeaning because of the passage of time is also stupid but i said that shit and nothing i say is stupid once im 6 shots deep
thats literally the only interpretation that makes sense.
yeah i agree on pretty much all accounts 
well
and i only care because i’d love to hear them
i only care what your views are
i don’t care about the validity of your views
i haven’t actually heard an opinion like that that wasn’t from my dad and we’ve established what my dad has done so im very interested
why?
what are your thoughts on the ego and the spiritual self?
unfortunate. you are simply too late to the party
with the added bonus of invalidating your complaints because you knew i was going to do it to you and you could have said “shut the fuck up, mars” but you didn’t
completely genuine 
completely genuine 
before i did it
i mean i did explicitly say i was gonna do that
don’t say my transition wasn’t smooth as fuck cause it was
ie: my progeny get to keep going and yours don’t, which has no effect on the overarching course of evolution and is only important as a method of feeling good about yourself 
there isn’t a reason to compete with other people outside of the most basic, animalistic, gene pool competition 
which i personally think is a useless attribute of the self.
they all stem from a viewpoint that is dominated by the ego, the self that views itself in comparison to everything else
like, instead of im sorry, i’d say: i apologize eric, but as much as we agree on the end results of our idealized societies, I think your reasoning and your motivations are kinda bullshit at times and downright stupid at others.
that way instead of saying “im sorry” you’d have to say “i apologize” which takes too much fuckin effort and is a waste of time
replace it with apologize 
actually i think its pretty fair to eliminate the word sorry from your personal dictionary 
stop doing it you’ll feel better about yourself
that’s literally nothing
like dudes will apologize for tapping elbows
like maybe i shouldn’t bring it up, cause i used to do it all the time, but i trained myself out of it for work, and now it’s kinda fucked
on a completely unrelated note isn’t it fucking weird when people apologize for no reason 
theres no excuse for going balls deep for no reason
your estimation is correct 
very true
yeah
he graduated college without lifting a finger
my dad used to fuck fat bitches so they’d write his papers for him.
cause i’m a picky piece of shit
i don’t even want to fuck most of the girls i meet
a real chad would have a fuckin massive boner for every lady that has the desire
maybe that’s gay
but like idk
lock yourself in a room with no lights and no responsibilities for two days and try and make something of yourself 
but shrooms and acid can help
it can be hard
ez living
just gotta adopt that chad mentality man
i don’t compete with dildos, therefore i don’t compete with other men.
they’ll use condoms and shit. theres no difference between that and a dildo
because women that are suitable for you are smart enough to vet their guys and stay safe
and at a certain point it doesn’t actually have any impact 
women will always get sex
basically, but that doesn’t matter
but there are no 20 year old female virgins
the ones that say they are are lying.
thats just a fact of life
i mean during this period she’ll be getting dicked by some shitfuck bastard
1 isn’t enough 
yes
also take like 2 weeks to cool off before making that decision 
 a chance is better than no chance. you just have decide if you think she’s worth the greater effort you’ll have to put in to take her now
and im sorry for your pain
i see... did option 2 happen?
liar
liar
why are you posing this question?
so what the fuck
i would have shot it two years ago but she was in thailand.
because i want it and i would regret not having it more than i would having it
they’re divorced. do i shoot my shot? yes.
for instance i’d fucking die for a piece of this girl Iona, but she lives in San Fran and married a thai girl at 19
it’s all about maximizing the attainment of your desires while minimizing your regrets
if you have to spend months winning a bitch over her shit bf, and she isn’t what you really want, and you still do it, you kinda played yourself 
the time investment
thats really what matters
if you judge the taking of the thot to be worth your time, ofc
then just be the bigger chad and take her from her bf
so if she admits that she’d go out with you if she were single, and she ISNT lying to not hurt your feelings
so if she admits that she’d go out with you if she were single, and she ISNT lying to not hurt your feelings
that shit only matters when you’re married
that shit only matters when you’re married
and also because when dating relationship status doesn’t matter
but only because it pads your ego
the latter
shoot
but for the sake of being as retarded as possible while im still drunk, im not gonna talk about any of that, and im instead gonna steer the conversation even further from reality 
if i can get a job at a fuckin production company eric can get into tech
eric has his padding and he’s good enough at what he does that he’ll get hired at whatever he applies to
regardless nothing argued in the last 15 mins has any grounds in reality so it’s kinda useless
that’s unfortunate 
lul
ok the 3 years of Chinese school probably pads that out
all your savings is being spent on tuition and housing 
all your savings is being spent on tuition and housing 
cause in this metaphorical world nobody pays for your anything
what work?
did you work for those savings?
so if for some reason nobody decides to hire you out of college and you were out of work for 3 months, would you consent to being killed for the sake of society?
eric i dont think that your ego could handle working a low wage menial job
gwyn has a point
if you have to catch your food, and a member of your tribe can’t run, you leave that worthless fuck behind
im a fuckin machine ;)
well thats the only way it’d happen
my family can take care of themselves
i never want to be on life support 
im upset by how well that describes my own internally conflicting worldviews
if i was unable to function i would have myself offed
so your thinking is limited by that, eric
at a certain point we’ll have migrated off this shit planet and onto wherever we need.
except at a certain point resources wont matter
pretty much
the answer to that is no, cause people are worthless.
the question is if it’s worth it
we’ll have the ability to care for all those people 
especially when AI take over
yes, because to some degree we can
thats why you dash your malforme baby’s head against the rocks
thats what it was
industrial revolution changed a lot of conceptions around human value
well 200 years
until like the past 80 years
and the value has never been set at a base line of “invaluable”
most early civilizations valued life much more harshly 
well
thats true eric
thats the lie
but if a massive amount of idiots contribute 2 dollars to feeding an african child, you can feed an african village
thats a fucking lie
no it doesn’t 
everything but people
only the individual contributions matter
because individuals don’t matter
value doesnt matter
i mean sure
[1572241670] Gwyn Bateman-Shirley: the possible combinations of things that COULD exist VASTLY exceeds the possible combination of things that DO exist

&lt;&lt;&lt;  i believe that this isn’t true
and i choose to not make that assumption 
but thats making the assumption that there aren’t other states that everything exists in
and not in any other
well gwyn, you’re trying to argue that everything is meaningful because it exists in its current state
no american is gonna be ghandi
no
neither is more important than the other
with set up americans you have potential bill gates 
with impoverished dirt people you have potential ghandis
fuck potential it’s dependent on that individual to sieze that potential 
yes really
i think your societal values are pointless. both the african child and the american child will die and everyone will forget them
idk im drunk as shit
there is no other option but egoism
and if you aren’t happy it’s ultimately your fault
yes
the only meaning to life is to the individual 
on a personal level you need a reason for yourself
but there are so many individual perspectives that any single one does not matter on a cosmic scale
it may have not been pointless if there werent 7 billion people on this planet 
nah i still say that’s pointless 
no
but im not gonna do that for you degenerate fucks, yall can suck my dick.
but i could talk about my personal beliefs for an hour until every piece fits neatly together and you achieve a much greater understanding of me as a person
and fuck you kirkegaard is an insightful motherfucker
and anything that anyone else has to say on the matter is not only false, but also retarded
and searching for my reasons/meaning for living is slowly curing my crippling depression, so i can only assume that i am one hundred percent correct on this matter
but everyone has to find a reason otherwise they’ll just keep being unfulfilled and unhappy
i just think that there isn’t an all encompassing meaning
well not really 
yes
took me till now to finish, but yeah
this is pretty fuckin good
weebs
jojo and chill
small dick game design, appealing to the normies
gg wp
the shitty casuals
still should restart
xd
is that a nier automata boss or something?
he shoots missiles and flies?
vordt
bruh that's just retextured vort
you don't have to restart?
....
truly harty
actually just delete the champion
and remove her ult
and put a longer cd on the jump
have her be stunned if the person she's riding dies, for like 0.75 seconds
but i still think they should gut her into nonexistence
that was the worst thing
yuumi literally exists in that world
but at the same time
xdddd
and the shadow isles were cool before they made thresh a pussy that got beat by a dindu with a gun
i like shurima
thats it
yeah
uh
ashe lore is good
league’s lore is getting slowly better
americans are lucky the government isn’t taking away their guns yet
(you dont)
fuckin nice
accurately?
rly
but when that's done there's no use for them
i mean rn you just need low level grunts to catalogue all the current non digital information into digital format
so you deserve it
but if you're trying to get into banking in 2017+ you're retarded
it's easier on them
i can see that happening, actually.
archeology will definitely not be delegated to ai
maybe at most like low level service industry will get outmoded
which i don't think will happen in our lifetimes
another reason to specialize in creative jobs
^
not having smelly fucked up breath is good
thanks mom.
and i greatly appreciate it
my mom keeps sending me a shitton of toothpaste
yeah that helps
you're better off than a lot of americans
i mean if you can handle your own personal financing without outside help
l o l
those actually need degrees
like comp sci, programming, all that crazy fucking shit that eric talks about that i tune out
just business
im not talking sciences really
i mean definitely
this is why you go into creative ventures, at least then you get judged at face value based on the merits of your shit. so when people don't want to pay you they don't have any excuses other than, "fuck you your shit sucks."
and then when you're finally done, nobody wants to hire you. Because you apparently don't know how to work those easy ass jobs that you've been studying years to learn. At least not better than Joe fucking Dickass who's been working there for four years and brings a goddamn spiderman lunchbox to work.
but it still sheds years of your life that you could be spending making money on getting taught how to work easy ass jobs to make money. and accruing massive amounts of debt
or being born black and just getting into college for free cause system says so
the only way around this is either being born rich and going to private schools that show real nice on job applications, or being born lucky and getting into programs that get you out of public schools
so their entire design is to filter kids into those colleges so the owners can squeeze all the money out of them and send them out in the world to pay off their debts
our government edubation systems are essentially run by college owners
except
the problem is that you need a degree in the first place
restructure universities, they suck
agreed
or they'll just shit you out with the other interns that they shit out
it's like half cost freelo work, and if you're good and they like you you they'll decide to hire you.
not for the students
for the companies
but it kind of is an effective practice
school sponsored internships definitely are though
well it's a different type of work and i don't think outside jobs are counted on official school records
or, a successful internship with a decent recommendation
having an internship on your record doesn't look bad at all
yeah and they're really not wrong, either
bruh you posted cat ezreal fuuuuuuuuck.
I need to bleach my eyes
no
yeah you’re right
already
also fuck riot for putting out new qiana skins
senna’s getting shafted here
isn’t senna’s just her release skin?
im fuckin dead
or no rng effects
theres no card draw at all?
what do you mean no rng?
yes brother
housing
just make sure your house has a nice view
perfect 
l o l
the stock is decent though
yeah but that doesn’t account for how often they’ll need you to stay overtime/ be on call
and then hours
so what department they put me in, what im doing etc
actually depends on how hard im working for that
i mean i can live perfectly fine on 112k
well if he’s happy then screw it
nah he fucked up
oh LOL
he’s still in college so ofc it is
oof
v fair
except i don’t really want to play league on my phone
and same probably 
riot has so much money that if they shit this up seppuku would be a perfectly valid option for their entire upper management staff.
maybe later
no wai
no
focus?
okok
oh
drag?
do you move with a touch pad or by tapping?
its the same version, isn’t it?
console league is just shitty league with worse controls and less champions, no way thats good
but they’re the same thing, so it’s still a tf2 clone in the end
paladins is better than ogrecock
that looks like way early development 
or is it a siege clone? i don’t know.
a card game, console league (puke) and an overwatch clone
i didn’t watch that stream
no
wtf
league card game
no
theodore is definitely not asleep
alvin looks like she’s biting his dick off
same
but children of dune is the third book in a series that nobody reads past the first one. it’s entirely worthless.
so im gonna go ahead and change my previous statements. I agree with Eric. We should execute all poor people and replace them with robots.
so im gonna go ahead and change my previous statements. I agree with Eric. We should execute all poor people and replace them with robots.
the other shit has a bit of value to the average human shitstain
they could have left me the book and I would have understood 
im pissed cause my backpack is an old piece of shit thats falling apart. The only things of value inside it are my phone charger, my passport, and fuckin Children of Dune which, so far, was a fucking fantastic book.
also i fell asleep on the bus on my way home and woke up in gardena with my backpack missing 
nobody is 6’7, rocco, my youngest brother will be in like 2 years
 and he’s gonna be a fuckin 6’7 pos jackass with a chip on his shoulder 
but as soon as rocco turns13 he’s gonna be 6’7
tbey both play basketball so it’s mostly about who’s better at that, and lucky wins cause he’s like 2 feet taller with his growth spurt
and currently size 10 for rocco (11) and 11 for lucky (14)
they argue about anything cause they hate each other
sorry i got caught up
lmao
your mental is weak as fuck
don’t think about big feet but both of my brothers are obsessed with shoe size
8
accurate?
that the starvation of the poor will never be legalized 
wow lag
so im satisfied. dont actually care if you get it or not
i said my piece though 
me too it was going nowhere
its a based ass reason and you know it
i want no people to work
its a based ass reason and you know it
... yes
thats why i want a big ass shower with a bench built into it
but in the shower, these things are a nonissuean
nope. I don’t want to touch my piss, but i do want to touch the chick. The goals clash. I don’t want to wait for her to clean herself firstt
i like pissing. I don’t like pissing on other people
rly?
wo
we aren’t comparing our selves, we’re comparing our world-views, which is con
and some people like piss
well this argument isn’t a pissing contest
yes
and you should just off yourself xd
if you need to compare yourself to others on a financial level to feel good about yourself 
heres what i think
ok
how much of that 70k is covered by your job eric?
I can see what you mean Eric, there’s literally no reason for it. cause feeling good doesn’t count. The “Do unto others what you want done to yourself” mentality is literally something that only makes sense if it’s hammered into you
Yeah
i only hold the door for women and the elderly 
theres no way you actually believe the words you just said
ok i think you’re definitely meming now
ok i think you’re definitely meming now
d e a d, fuckin  w r o n g
once again
change topic
your argument is retarded because it stems from a basis of retardation
your definition of altruism is retarded
being satisfied isnt a physical benefit
ok but
is done for personal satisfaction 
all altruism 
ok
because you said nobody
it’s entirely false
just false
thats
even voting barely matters 
but it was marketed on the fact that it supports the people
it doesn’t support the people
regardless, that’s why our society is dick ass shit. 
or, hmm. An ideal life is one that isn’t a competition 
its correct thats how you earn a good life for yourself and your future generations 
and that sort of retarded ass idea is what the current society inspires
your personal imput into that machine is unimportant 
the point is to optimize the genes of the collective so the whole becomes better than it is
no fuck your genes
but rn it is
but life isn’t meant to be a competition 
maybe at videogames
because you’re not and never will be better than anyone else
thats the wrong viewpoint
You know how many people actually achieve that? None.
the point of working to financial success is to live having whatever you want without any worries 
yeah right now it is
financial success is meaningless
fuck those people
you figure out what would make you feel fulfilled as a person and do that
you stop having to care about doing well financially 
yes
or someone who does something that is enjoyed by the most people
success becomes someone who is the happiest 
we just change that definition of success
if we remove the need for monetary success
yeah in our current society
and neither should you
cause i don’t give a fuck what other people have
yeah
im just gonna say
alright
you don’t know those people.
saying, “They don’t want to change,” would make more sense but is still a huge generalization 
massive because of the quantity of people
they can’t change
that definitely isn’t true
thats a massive assumption 
well
the fact that their is a homeless population means our country is overpopulated 
and im not sure if censors account for homeless population 
i think your idea of overpopulated is way different than mine
very not wasteful
though
we could totally use their organic matter as fertilizer 
i mean
incredibly wasteful
high
too
the birth rate is way too high
nah it’s overpopulated 
that destroys the economy
not riot material 
that’s “ok time to start killing people” material .
thats not riot material
its easier, but the humanitarians exist
i get where you’re going
like
without inciting a massive civil war
that would never happen
we cant
and too many people on the planet
there are too many people in america
but
okay
i also think that we should get rid of our current concept of society
cause it won’t work in the long run
no
if all menial labor was outsourced to robots it would free up space for people to do other things
and working for someone else isn’t a purpose, it’s making a living
to your paycheck
[1571024359] Miles O'Brien: human need job because human have feeling, computer no feel, computer no need job

&lt;&lt;&lt; this is objectively false. Work sucks therefore humans would feel better with computers doing it.
jett was arguing that we need to fix the income inequality in america and eric literally never said that shouldn’t happen, but you guys argued about it like he had
i think from an objective standpoint, this is the correct answer
personally, im gonna jack my dick like it’s the last day on earth and hope the next life is cooler than this one.
so like wtf you gonna do?
but even then if global warming is as bad as people say half that shit could be under water before the end of our lifetimes
if you’re smart you move to europe or australia 
Hopefully before that time comes we get visited by aliens and they force us to band together as the singular nation of Earth or some shit. Or we die so we don’t have to deal with it.
the most anyone can do now? is just live how they want as much as they can before a nation gets the balls to call the US on its bullshit and fuck us.
nation is literally in trillions of dollars of debt
america’s financial foundation is built on lies, loans, and promises that nobody has any intention of keeping 
how would you possibly fix this country’s shitty economy without causing a total collapse and bankrupting the entire world
personally i think that arguing for or against that shit is retarded
i don’t like it and im an impoverished black, chicken suckin nigga
he still gets fucked by americas systems because they treat his class as if it were the uber rich, while letting those other fuckers get away scott free and he still has to deal with the affirmative action bullshit which we ALL agree is bullshit
maybe upper middle class
eric’s family isnt rich
because, and here’s some crazy shit
eric if you had replaced “white people” with “rich people” all your arguments would have landed
ok i actually read it now
you’ll just have to trust that im right, here
I didn’t actually read it so
there, i think i summed it up
addendum: and so is eric
tldr china’s big gay and so is jett
or i’ll just make one myself
or i’ll just make one myself
need a tldr
trying to load this conversation broke my phone
flesh eating attack donkeys?
aint that a bit much?
rest in peace hedgefundhog
Kappa
not even wrong, rly
which
because they fuckin push it like it’s their only selling point
Short guys with big dicks are funny in general 
cause proportions
but when you’re rly tall it doesn’t 
when you’re short a 6 incher looks p big
on a technical level it kinda works like that
i mean
yeye
aight boys, i now officially live in a tiny hole like 5 minutes away from eric
you know that means eventually, there will be nothing left for people to do
doing what you truly want to do is good for you,
knowing what's good for you is knowing what you want
what the fuck is he gonna care
like a lawyer that wants to be an actor but was pressured into it by everyone in his surroundings
if they don't actually know what they want, they won't reach that high level of quality because there won't be that drive to be better behind it
people can learn, they just need to know what they want
fix the climate issue by utilizing the human resource
use their ashes to regrow forests
and then we can stuff everyone else into camps and cremate them
yeah well i agree on all counts.
i see
say culinary jobs
what about specific cases, where a person treats a specific menial job like a craft
okay
i can't say you're wrong. it's mostly the older generations that like being serviced by other people
you mean they'll just upload their selves into the cloud
oh
and will that person be a guy?
so the pinnacle human gets to just lay back and think about what shit might be new, while getting fed rare delicacies and sucked off by robots
there's no way that an ai will be able to emulate that shit
the quality is the problem
researchers
uh
sexworkers
the industries that really survive will be
so essentially
well im down with that
okay
haha
cause im sure somewhere down the line we'll have the technology to make ai that can come up with ways to advance technology as a whole
i see.
intellectual
what do you define as intellectial labor?
so we don't get to a point where it's legitimately better to cull people that don't meet a certain criteria than it is to have them sitting around being homeless and shit. 
cause you need to have places to sort people
as long as you don't have ai's taking up fields of research it's fine
i mean sure
the point is to not make the human race redundant as a whole, but to elevate it beyond it's current level.
humans are only really useful for their ideas. if anyone decides to make an ai that can generate it's own completely unique ideas, someone better shoot that guy in the head and burn his research
in general you listen to music to listen to the musicians
you don't listen to music just to hear sounds and shit though
and that's a shitty process
ai generated music sucks
ai generated entertainment rn sucks
ai's can handle everything else really
but the human race as a whole won't have use for them. the three things afterwards that'll be useful will be r&amp;d, design and construction, and entertainment
or they'll work in the service industry, or they'll join mlms/ low level telecom marketing
but what'll really happen is that people just won't pick up their slack and become homeless due to there not being enough jobs for them, or them not meeting the artificial standards set by jobs
in order to counteract that, colleges could become more affordable in order to pump out more children with degrees to fill up the higher tier jobs
then a goooood portion of our society becomes essentially useless
once ai starts replacing manual labor enmasse
i mean
hahah
that shits so good
yall nibbas haven’t seen american psycho?
hol up
dota's map is bad
and if you won the train fight your whole team gets a buff or something
and kill people on
that you could jump on
just imagine if it had a train that ran through the middle of it
but
why im still up? who knows
but map is good
or wet clay
yeah the character models look like poop.
cause fuck teammates
now they just need to add a solos mode that isn't a rotating gamemode.
it looks like respawn looked at all the shit that made the game fun and then just fucking smacked a giant train in the middle of it to kill people on. true genius. this is why bungie and respawn are the only fps devs that i'll ever trust to consistently deliver good shit.
there are so many fucking ziplines around it
i'm thinking of creating a petition. henceforth all battle royales have to have a train that carries loot around.
but i guess that's it.
until now, i didn't know that that was all it took to get me legitimately hyped for battle royales
that moves
apparently the new map for apex legends has a train
let that game die
speedwagon is the best stand
dont give in to temptation diego
actually it looks like his degenerate team was worse than yours in that picture
with the most degenerate team
against penisretard69
you played
bruh
or, it should be.
it’s playable in plat
Just play jungle
Pretty much
oof
whats your mmr?
lmao
Yes. This would be fun
Ah
But I’d love to see him try
I don’t think milo can beat em wasted
suboptimal gameplay
also milo i wanna see you stream yourself rocking the abyss watchers.
so i stopped watching it
but then he didn't stomp on genichiro's head when he jumped the sweep.
i was watching that sekiro video
miles
xd
didn't beat genichiro
oh
so it took the title because of seniority
sekiro came first
anime dark souls is sekiro
so that spot is taken
code vein is gay dark souls
you bought code vein?
if its controlled by a guy
wait in midas mode can roshan move around?
but not ashe.
lucian can get away with it cause he’s black. Thresh can get away with it cause he’s a floating cow skull
cause no southern twang
but the high noon skin sounds like shit
auto based
she prays to kindred
new base ashe VO is based
so it sounds like steaming hot garbo when she says “Howdy partner” with the emphasis on all the fucking consonants 
wild west ashe doesn’t have a southern accent 
happy birthday 
the 23rd day of september?
do you remember?
fortnite dubskis
kms
league gay, just give it a few months so we can play boarderlands 
some people 
some people 
so?
mens have ways of settling these things
tbh
*him
dude shoulda punched it
shoulda got his experimenting done in elementary school like the rest of us
dude just has issues then
and dry humped
grinded?
there are easier ways
i mean
to go to jail so he can fuck boys?
dox him and send him glitter bombs
cyber him
we should blow up his phone
so he can get passed around by ripped cholos
well lock that dumb nigga up
oh
*order
bail and like a restraining orcer
i mean stalking chicks is still creeper shit, but i’d be able to understand bail
or just stalk?
did he rape her?
i do know the ps2 version had split screen
i don't think it does
that game was my shit
i don't even want anything on there, but fuck i'll take a free san andreas
not sure if yall nibbas heard, but rockstar made a games launcher and they're giving away gta san andreas on it for free.
oh
huh, cool.
when did you go to vegas?
don't want retarded people having their way
^
esp not over something stupid,
just don't like get sent to the hospital or anything.
can't fault you for that, I suppose.
alright then
deeefinitely
getting hurt is opt-in
fucking is the point.
fuzzy cuffs so nobody gets hurt and nobody starts signing lawsuits
fuzzy cuffs
yeah
those complex ties and shit that the weebs like are way too much
and don't overdo it
well just be good with your hands.
never.
but yeah seems about right
98% rigger, 97% rope bunny. i don't know where those got uneven
^
that shit's too sketchy
i wouldn't even think of forming a relationship with someone off tinder or smth
gotta suss em out 
yeaah
but one night stands are a tossup
well yeah
better than forcing or egging someone into some shit they don't wanna do
well eh vanilla is cool if that's all your girl is cool with
same
gaaaaayyyy
gay
didn't expect vanilla to be at 44, but it was
i got pretty much the same thing
ya
i honestly don't think anything will have changed. I was switch the first time, and i'll be switch this time.
last time, gwyn your scores were almost the opposite of this iirc. but you still had vanilla in its rightful place at the bottom, so respec.
alright i'll retake this damn test
Wyeth sounds like girl Wyatt
feels bad
gonna have to wait
i don’t want it on the epic store
vro......
vro
want to kill myself
i
shit
no u
you are retard
ez clap
get money from cucklords by selling your bath water
that's kinda hilarious
holy shit
to area 51?
accurate
thats easy money.
thats easy money.
someone better
i think i’d pay to watch a livestream of it happening 
but
im not going to go
magnificent 
magnificent 
woulda been perfect if to end the vid he just whipped out the reverse card
but projared’s response video to all that shit people were slinging is excellent 
i don’t care about youtube drama
3 mins left
i need a response in 5 mins
booze, Liquor, poisonous beverages?
do you fucks need me to pick anything up?
we’re in the clear
If they need me then i’m going. I’d rather not be the next dumbass to get fired from this place
I sent the text, we’ll see
it is
Got called in to work at 10
fml, I won’t be able to make it.
more like 8 pm
im gon be a lil late
i dont know where eric’s house is
fellas
i don't care what these guys gotta say
actually this is the wrong one
any gamers in the chat?
What guy?
i can’t tell these new shitty champions apart 
crisis averted
we’re good
nvm i thought neeko was yuumi for a sec
oh wait
riot is run by zoomers
making neeko exist
terrible company 
absolutely not
xd
4 patches after release?
neeko gets a skin
fucking
neeko
gg
you fuck
can join on phone?
jesus
that deadass looks like maisie williams in the armpit hair picture 
its a good name
That's exactly why
yes
you can do whatever 
well
you can correct people all the time you just can’t lose your shit if they don’t legitimately know
xdddd
maybe Gwin IBS inc.
i’ll have to change it to gwyn’s investment banking services
Saturday?
yeye
but soon once i get some more money
idk if i can get it tonight
seems the game specs aint too high
i just hope it runs
i think i'd be down
if dark souls was a roguelike
it's gun dark souls
oh actually i have seen that
i actually have no idea what that is
that seems like a decently good time to bool
It's mine too
so lets find some time to bool out
dogsitting/housesitting for my uncle
im gonna be pretty close to samo for a few weeks from the 20th to sept 5th
if only riot had everyone’s backs
if only
which is different enough from the normal one that i do
i guess the last ahri skin was november 2018 unless you count the prestige skin
nah
for an ahri skin?
Indeed it does
cause then they'd be cool
im mad at riot’s priority list basically 
im mad that they didn't also make a kindred skin
im not mad that they made the ahri skin
i want to kill myself for allowing myself to get my hopes up
fuckin ahri
they made this shit
instead of making the best possible, most requested skin, for the best character in their game
but i am now
i hadn't deleted league yet
and kindred was not one of them
riot released new elderwood skins
fucking
(noworries)(noworries)(noworries)(noworries)(noworries)(noworries)
still gay though
still gay though
tft is fun
Delicious
and healthy
videogames are good
but yeah
also liver damage is only semi-permanent if you have the cash
technically the skins aren't permanent
ok maybe im just a fiend
well
it's easy to do that in a few hours
in fact
it's rly easy to rack up over a hundred in a night
its not
yeah
you mean league or videogames?
oh
kill me i don't want this information
Happened
Happened
cursed af
if you’re drunk enough you’ll always win
fr at this time of hour, my fav thing is to walk straight at people and see who moves out the way first 
What did you say?
tft gay
no
rip?
bruh moment
fuck faggots
he sucks his boys off so they feel refreshed
here
You better be
I am excited too
it did
thats how good it is
and i honestly forgot that there was an intro
i don’t know
It’s the only thing where the quote, “I’ve gotta make an announcement, Shadow the Hedgehog is a bitch ass motherfucker. He pissed on my fucking wife. That’s right, he took his hedgehog quilly dick out and he pissed on my fucking wife, and he said his dick was ’this big’ and I said that’s disgusting. So I’m making a callout on my twitter page. Shadow the Hedgehog, you’ve got a small dick...” and have it work
i realize that this is actually the best thing ever made
now that i’ve gotten through half the video
actually 
this is mostly for milo’s benefit
I am worried
I was worried
across the face is more like it. backhand for max respect 
upside the head isn’t all that different from treating em like another guy
im not sure i’ll be able to not talk
but tbh if mon is the day you should see it
the earliest is wednesday 
nor tuesday 
not tomorrow for me
and would be down to come see it again if we plan for it
i saw it day 1
midsommar is the shit
Dude
Profound.
if they're human it's a no go
catgirl waifus are hot if they're aliens
idk man i wanna see dem aliens
fr tho, my nigmas we finna join the area 51 raid or what?
also wtf were you doing?
if you spent the whole day blind?
what would you have won
You are welcome too
👇
Sure
high-class memes
fucking
Awesome thanks!
diego do be right 
add eggs, bacon and spoiled milk thats my fridge
alcohol and leftovers
i dont want to state a contrarian opinion in this good christian chat
thats meant for miles, right?
ur mom slaps hard
Fair enough.
yes
you oughta part them cheeks like moses
i think he wants the D
rip
or im reporting you to the nsa
you better eat big fucking burgers afterward to cleanse your filthy palates
wtf
you guys are getting china noodles on america day?
this thing is fucking unbelievable 
i’ve never wanted to kill myself more
killer noodle, more like daikokuya 
i think you know
I am just curious
here
if anyone hasn't seen this masterpiece yet
nothing criminal about alcoholism so long as you don’t get caught 
happy birthday diego
but fuck dota more
fuck league
kys
eks dee
I hope you are
lmao?
you degenerates
good morning 
good game made of a good ttrpg
so now im a cripple
and fucked up my shoulder
cause i fuckin fell off my motorcycle
for a bit at least
my schedule got unfucked
alright gamers
but instead you're an ape
coulda said good afternoon
rip
yep
good morning 
gamers, hello
good afternoon
i started playing games with lucky
o
alright cuck game or do i just fuck off?
if he doesn’t, do you nibbas wanna play some cuck game?
im gonna give him 15 mins
i asked uti if he wanted to play duck game, but he hasn’t responded 
steph curry is a punk bitch
fuck the warriors 
nibba ball alliance 
lmao
be at work from 6-2am cause of the nba finals
tomorrow i’ll be kinda fucked
mostly 
yup, i’m occupied mondays 9am-6, tues 6-10pm, wed-saturday 10 pm-2am, sunday 11am-8pm
yup, i’m occupied mondays 9am-6, tues 6-10pm, wed-saturday 10 pm-2am, sunday 11am-8pm
so knowing lets me know if i can do something about it or if i can’t 
and my schedule varies daily 
i only bring it up because i work every day
what times are we doing this campaign thing at?
boys
oh shit
my friend pedro comes out in 8 days
mornin
ok nvm pretty hard
2
are we level 1
its ezpz
lemme do it
right right
oh right
roll wat?
good day, good sirs
and cause norman reedus is a post apocalyptic pizza boy
i like death stranding cause of the oily hand monsters
ik im holding off on judging it till we get gameplay 
but i need gameplay
which is great
tbh elden ring looks like more dark souls
you might have had a bigger dick if you were
is it organic?
ive seen the others
i haven’t seen trailer yet
ez
best parts of e3
bloodlines and cyberpunk
post 12 everyone who hasn’t said good morning triple gay
morning
when evaluating artists though, it’s the other way around 
i think you take the songs at face value first, but if the songs are about the artist then you have to view it in light of them
good morning 
isn’t this new champ just sivir?
but w/e
way late
100%
the knight
and im gonna roll with it
i just saw this shit
idk
My friend
giorno's a jojo character
i know it is
but my character for milo's campaign is fuckin ready
idk about you guys
idk about that one boss
oh you're fuckin kidding
barely legal
or ask for a job
just don’t be retarded and say how old you are
but yea i can most likely sneak you some booze
skype had no response for that one lmao
dumb fucking fags
and that stopped 
then the gays realized that they didn’t need the bar to be gay to be gay in it
the place got picketed like 2 times in the first month after it opened 
deadass
and yeah
*dad
used to be a gay bar before my sad bought it and rebranded
because it means you can drink for free with me at my bar
but you wanna be in like west hollywood/silverlake area
ktown is in the center of everything 
downtown is the real shit
fair nough
on 2 occasions there was human feces left inside the trash chute room.
as in like
the place i was in was 3500 and it was shitty
a 2500 2 bedroom is likely gonna be really really shitty
i'd like to add
huh?
wait
including any if yall negus
or i’ll find a spot on my own and whoever wants to move in with me can
after that i’ll either move in with some of the dudes from my job
my dads for the summer
I am proud of you too
feelsgoodman
90% done moving 
I guess I do
What are you asking?
other chat is better
and now have some old memes
lion gay
also
but my schedule is fucked to shit and will remain fucked to shit for the forseeable future 
i know im a day late
and the d
i want the d
milo whens your campaign?
Oh well.
No, we do not
Woo!
nov 8th they say
death stranding got a release date
you werent kidding about from soft’s new game of thrones open world horse riding simulator???
wait
i didn’t say he wasn’t a dumbfuck adult
to no longer be a dumbfuck kid?
hows it feel?
happy birthday milo
What's your name?
Fair enough.
cause u aint no bitch.
made you tear up?
goblin?
no u
lul
i can dm as long as yall can deal with my assfucked schedule 
yall nibbas wanna dnd?
Good I guess
hows everyones mondays goin tho
thas it
l2parry
this guy gets it
if you aint no bitch
and you do the same against isshin
against emma you just run up and FUCK HER SHIT UP
Yes, indeed
flipper baby
i would have skipped ranks, but i quit league for sekiro
skipped ranks with a 30% wr???
we’ll see if the homeless dude is still alive in the morning 
so i took the doughnuts he had bought and left behind and gave those and the weed i bought to a homeless guy right around the corner 
and then he just took off toward the liquor store 
so i bought some nasty ass weed from some dude at the california doughnut shop by my house
those are mine
i’ll take my books though 
if i run into a guy with a gun im just gonna give him my backpack 
idk 
l m a o
and this week i found a guy who got fucked up at my bar, fell off his bike on his way home, and got a major concussion 
last week i ran into a dude who tried to smoke meth with me
so the tuesday walking home ritual is definitely the best idea i’ve ever had
cause that shit was a dumpster fire
i guess we're the unlucky ones then
oh
ay what do you nerds think of that new game of thrones?
(yes)
the broken apostrophe just makes it better
here
i responded to old ass messages 
oh wo
but. dont you keep your attack power on ng+? 
(puke)
FUCK no
on monday however i can be there early 
if its on sunday 
i won’t be there till 9
woo
fuck you michael
yuh
victory at any cost, that is the ashina way
seven spears is the only motherfucker who kills you for countering him so you might be right there michael
if isshin is scared of him thats it
everyone else is slaughtered by him
ezpz
demon of hatred is the strongest 
The parent is absolute, their will must be obeyed 
ONE!
thats a fucking god-tier shot
ezpz
just lie
is the school with it?
cool
oh lmao
was it an adoption thing?
girls gettin cats
fuckin
god hand is a banger in general 
god hand is a banger in general 
(y)
(smile)
(laugh)
then hit that shit again.
then go to sleep
miles if we’re being honest, i’d probably go get really high.
look at this fuckin idiot destroy himself on the internet.
i am in town on that day
im not into that shit
for me
would be weird
so i think it worked out.
but instead i let her smoke me out after work and now she wants me to smash her daughter.
you raise a good point.
and i'd rather smash her daughter.
she was like 48
nah
good thing it's a photoshop
this shirt makes me unreasonably unhappy.
wish me luck vros
and im gonna fuck her in the office.
theres this like 6.5/10 mom that keeps coming on to me while im trying to work
Ha!
My pleasure!
Excellent!
Thank you very much!
I added you
Please add me
gotchu
4
4
Nerds
how are you doin?
vro
same
this is why mods exist 
holy shit
the fuck?
those people are fucking nuts
3am All any on Tos is some real shit
i will say
lmao
and won’t be until maaaaaybe 3am
not home
cause
i can’t tonight 
now thats a good game
or town of salem
league gay, play sekiro
fuck all the weak shit
kindred best champion
didn’t get a fuckin skin then
kindred was broken for most of last year too
ik
so i guess i’ll see you on the rift in 5 years
until a new kindred skin comes out 
im gonna uninstall league when i get home
i miss the good champions 
fuck china
i’d like the cat more if it wasn’t a purple anime cat
i miss the old riot
don't even have to walk
this cat gay
Yeah, I guess
walking
backpack down the coast to mexico
tomorrow 
it’s all good news now.
P i r a t e   J e t
Haha, you already know
I know I can
so isn’t this just good?
he was strong as shit regardless, though
i can ask him
but he comes by the bar every once in a while
i forgot his name tbh
Why yes, it is
last month
it's a dude i met like
i know a guy who wants to give everyone dmt
xd
fuck kanye and the blacks
(laugh)
Is it?
glorius
(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)
Fair enough.
like jose bautista or john cena
the opposite of feminine
i would think the ideal body type for a gay dude is like
Yeah, I guess so
cause
im willing to take your word on this
u sure?
the equivalent of just massive tiddies?
but to gay guys isnt that like
i know
but that reminds me that i really want to do a shot right about now
im always never drunk
we’re talking about the “superior male” here
and as a followup, do my nigmas think they got swole just so they could rub one out to themselves?
Real talk, do gay body builders get super turned on looking in the mirror?
the range on mortal blade is too short though, so that's nice
lmao
which is which?
im sure those billionaires just want their names on the place
xD
the bag?
LOL
that you can use the spear on guardian ape
i just learned
Okay, I forgive you
whew
i mean we could put a straw in your mouth and leave you in there for a few days
that goes beyond claustrophobia
i think
sounds dank
i’ve alway wanted to try erotic vacuum sealing without a safe word
damn
no safe word?
it should be pineapple
fuck outta here with that
that emoji
makes it less fun
children can’t fight back
or do you prefer papi
hit me daddy
im an everything threat
make yourself an easier target
i have little to no ammunition 
SO WHIPPED
AS FUCK
but also, WHIPPED
im just fucking with you, feel free to ignore me
whipped harder than uti, even
sounds to me like you’ll be whipped
and work a high stress high pay job
wait she wants to wear the pants?
fuck your .12 bitcoin i don’t even want it
yeah thats what im saying
.12 is 600
good catch
i don’t care anymore 
oh nvm its .12
it might be this oscar fucker
thats 60 thou
f u c k
how do i take advantage of this
or an account with my phone number
somehow my phone number just got transferred 12 bitcoin
also
can we equate your pizza to coke?
depends on the food
tips are the lifeblood of any service industry job
oh right
i forget you don’t get to make any tips
fuck
240 from 13 hrs???
unless you have everything handed to you and you dont have to spend 6-8 months job hunting when you’re done
working gay when you’re out of school
i give a f u c k?
think
do you
need based scholarships work when you’re not in college 
need based scholarships work when you’re not in college 
milo will give it to you
with the free drinks
we’ll hook you up
if you ever want a job my bar will take you 
thats why the editing function exists 
thats why the editing function except 
it do be like that at times
AH
wait why are we talking about buying cars in general?
in fact they arent an investment at all
cars terrible investment
you can’t really rent or flip cars
or flip
with real-estate you can rent
in terms of property value
cars are more like homes
 they’re very different 
so my best bet at gaining some passive income is to kill my brothers and sisters and inherit all of those for myself 
honestly, my dad owns 5 properties around LA
big initial investment though
ezpz
t h i s
^this
the robot overlords do their jobs better
idk about that
because the fact that people are stupid is immutable
my point still stands
because they don’t know any better
2 generations from now parents will still tell their kids to become doctors
and guess what
you get the fulfillment from saving lives or some shit
i guess
as long as he wants it
okay
does he want to be a doctor?
which means more debt
with a 300k debt
he gets a shit start too
weston
what field is he studying in?
why?
how?
oof???
thats the difference between UC and USC
to fix that mistake
i edited
that will last you after college
that will last you after college
sor
as long as you’re comfortable being poor
this is also an optimal strategy 
xd
i’ll edit whatever i want. even this message.
i’ll edit whatever i want. even this message.
that there is small dick energy
that there is small dick energy
yes you can
just doing in your spare time while you work your regular job
it wouldn’t be over a regular job
in the 3 or 4 years it takes for all the kids of these antivax parents to die
i mean even sooner than that
we aren’t selling to their kids
antivaxxers are the parents
LMAO
yeah
or me
just ask milo
but working a job isn’t worth anyway
absolutely never again
*gofundme type service
oh you mean setting up a gofundme?
so the ones giving the money is us
the person setting it up is us
i havent used gofund me
and depending on how stupid the donations are that could be work
well we do have to actually set up the connections to those charities 
yeah
put them on hold for 30 minutes while i fuck up the demon of hatred
i think i’d be great at customer support 
i’d like that second one though
you won’t know my address come may
and because you don’t want anyone knocking on your fucking door
you could rent a small office space for 75 a month im sure
thats a very fair point
^^^^
and cali taxes are high
cause cali laws are strict
and they gon get theirs
because the government wants theirs
im sure the more fanatical ones will be ready for round 2
yeah
hmm
discriminated against
i mean
then prove the earth is round
donate to flat earth research 
yeah
it depends on what we do with the 90% of the money
it’s not legal
7 on smart people
they’re antivaxxers
they won’t care
11%
mix some illegal drugs in there too and i’ll start walking to SC tonight
follow it to the letter
nanana
irs is still fucked from that government shutdown last month
irs is still fucked from that government shutdown last month
if there was ever a time it’d be now
this is a quality plan
yeah see
that’s investing
exactly 
and that could take a long time
we won’t get a paycheck for ourselves until those investors are paid
while running this hypothetical business 
and that means that
you have to pay them back eventually 
investors aren’t assets though
im assuming 
but we don’t 
yeah lmao
selling drugs is reselling though
theres a good idea
yes
i think we should try to capitalize on our own strengths
too much effort 
so manufacturing and reselling is gonna be a no from me dog
i want to make as much money as possible while doing as little work as possible 
look man
we could build a word of mouth advertising service 
that said, that one skill is pretty useful
*Idk
unless you count an excessive amount of willpower and big dick energy as something l
as far as anything else i’ve got nothing
so we could probably find those people and convince them to work for us
i think everyone in this chat has the capability to see people dumber than we are and recognize that those people are idiots 
well
also provided we weren’t autistic  faglords
provided the business doesn’t fall to shit in 5 or so years
then we could go and do the same the following year wherever else we want 
that way in 3-4 years we can take a tax deductible “business trip” to amsterdam and fuck up the whole place
i think it sounds like a good time to get all the boys together and start a business 
that sounds like rich people shit
horse racing takes too long to get into
its like a mikiri counter for babies
bruh doing a normal jump kick on any sweep deals huge posture damage
but no, that nigga a fake
i thought he had just starved himself half to death and fucked his shit all the way up
he actually got the fucking voice down enough to fool me
ah
what the fuck did papa franku do to his hair?
i got it d1
kind of easy in multiplayer
it's good
gotta hand it to a nigga who can play the shit outta some trumpet
wait miles that cover is actually pretty sick
That makes sense
yare yare daze
can’t even breathe subconsciously
manual breathers?
honestly thats gotta be at least four times worse than mouth breathing
for maximum stress relief and relaxation 
optimal is in through nose out through mouth
niggas really be out here mouth breathing
but that shit aint important 
and the auto response spam is a factor in all those notification popups
cause i didn’t say shit about not liking jojo shitposts
yeah
also parsa is terrible at explaining things
mouth breathers lul
Verily.
except not like outkast cause he’ll never have a quarter of the brain power that andre 3000 has
he should get over himself and just write feel-good party shit, like outkast
i just don’t think kanye is a good enough lyricist to write this pussy ass sadboi shit and get away with it
i’d appreciate it if he appreciated it, but he takes himself seriously so i judge him as if he takes himself seriously.
what was it?
that man has hundreds of beautiful dumb ass model bitches that would drop to their knees and suck his dick just to hear him say their names and he knows that. 
when has a relationship ever not worked out for kanye in the past 20 years?
say them plainly with your voice and don’t try to compensate for how fucking empty they are by pushing yourself 
but fucking read those lyrics you just sent
in general kanye is a pretty dry well when it comes to emotional depth, but he went from having some meaning, to none whatsoever in yeezus and pablo, and now he’s looped back around to pretending to have some sort of meaning in ye and kids see ghosts, because he finally realized that most people who aren’t monkeys or hoes don’t really want to listen to him jerk his dick on a concert stage.
because his parts don’t even make up half of the length of the fucking thing
good music cruel summer was alright but i’d argue that that album was barely kanye
kanye peaked at graduation 
fuck ghost town too
and fuck kanye
its angels9
no
is the banger of the decade
this fucking album
alright boys
jasmine or sandalwood all the way
sage smells shitty
hot is always in clay
it rly depends on that
is the sake hot or cold?
well hmm
*glass shot glasses
most places just serve it in glass glasses like assholes
that’s pretty dank
it’s out of the bowl things?
but worse tequila 
sake is like slightly better vodka
lived with 1 hp
i threw oil pots at him and set him on fire
that shit took too long tho
so i got good
hes dead
fuck the lone shadow swordsman
guys
pirate jet is the best gorillaz song
yall niggas don't even get it
who the fuck goes clothes shopping at 7 am?
7 am?
fuck outta here
on facebook?
nipples
what is this?
cause michael is a dumb motherfucker?
well said.
fucking hype
about the zombies?
the board game?
look man i just go where i know
where the fuck yall negus at?
im on the promenade 
okay
i’ll be there at like 1
friday is boys day
no girls allowed 
no don’t bring christina
cause bad
Figuratively
and i miss him :(
that motherfucker left us
uti man
from soft’s lore is too complicated 
jfc
Yeah, I guess
so worth 
is cancer on a bun
dude this shit
fucking
with a slab of bbq pork belly on top of a burger, on a bed of carrots, cucumber, and jalapeno 
asian braised pork belly burger 
its a fucking
all yall negus should come get one
(laugh)
i’ve never been so psyched over food, i feel like a fatass
and im eating it right now
my job is bringing back my favorite burger ever made
that poster has my comedy relief  ass nigga really looking like he’s about to kill thanos
wait
Inconceivable!
Yes, it was
we’re good today brother 
im walking my dog and some random argentinians just gave me their weed
can't play sekiro
milo... own one of those?
doesn’t 
tf is this shit
epic games is cancer
Oh yes, haha
that fucking guardian ape
dunkey's sekiro video has convinced me that i need to buy sekiro
damb
jett, what the fuck?
fucking hilarious
thats
david's name on your skype is "racist"
weeblo is slowly draining my last remaining hopes for humanity 
sekiro is better dark souls confirmed?
I am just curious
ever
ever made
i think it’s ghost stories that has the best english dub ever
this is true
the same 5 dudes playing all the characters 
you’ve got like
english dubs r shit in general 
hey bambino sounds retarded
and so are the americans 
cause the japanese are fuckin stupid like that?
I meant it
(laugh)
fuck you, no free steak for you dickwad
but at the same time
i know
this is cancer of the highest order
and im liking it
my absolver friends convinced me to play apex
i hate myself 
Thank you very much!
that'll change your worldview
imma hit you with some shit
okay
don't
well
have you ever thought of watching jojo?
we gotta elevate your consciousness
i c
o o f
minimum brain
are you tryna tell me that you're operating on maximum brain or some shit?
milo's speech has only become more incomprehensible since his becoming a weeb
I love surprises
but that is to be expected
unbreakable, my niggas, unbreakable
Let's get it
F
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
does that mean you don’t have to play with a warwick top?
how is league now that eric quit?
wait
who can say no?
free steak?
sor 24th
yall negusi can come up until the 22nd
it’s not just tonight btw
How much is it?
not that much from the restaurant industry, but being able to talk up a product is super useful 
having good sales is always transferable between jobs
but nobody expects you to do that and honestly it may weird customers out
i mean if you wanna be sick and learn some shit you can try to start selling clothing items
so
you’re working in retail too
Me too
I have money
soft ripperino
so
but jobs are good
fuckin ripperino
damb
thats today?
oh yeah
eric’s out of town?
yeah
a bit of a commitment 
its an hour trip tho
yeah it does
like 2 blocks down from there
it’s right by the last stop of the expo line
kinda far
its in downtown 
she’s the manager, not the owner
3 at a time tops tho
not more than like
and we’ll eat free
and if you want some food you can come by
one of those all you can eatbrazilian steakhouses
my aunt just yesterday opened a new restaurant 
hey so
&lt;3
I got to argue with parsa at 11:30 at night. today ended up being a good day after all
Sweet dreams
bang gay
mumen rider is a meme
saitama and genos
there are 2 characters in the show
who cares about those characters though? they weren’t developed past “I exist and have X opinion on Y matter. then I do 1-2 things and Saitama saves the day.”
none that involve saitama
In the anime there aren’t any loose ends. They didn’t start developing any other plotlines. So a second season doesn’t have anything to go off of.
fuckin only read the first sentence dickhead
no, im saying there shouldn’t be more because they had a good ending
just read the manga if you want more. it had an incredibly solid ending, that you really don’t need to go on from
despite that
yes
the original ghost in the shell movie
you know whats good
one punch is good but they shouldn’t be making a second season of it
actually
fist of the north star is the shit
i’ll crush your stando with high quality animation and genuinely funny jokes
fuck your jojo
yep
cause that shit is hilarious 
fuck any anime that isn’t nichijou, actually. 
anime
and FUCK
SEKIREI
FUCK
i liked kill la kill cause of mako and the scene where the teacher started stripping during his monologue 
its the sounds, usually 
its not the words
or knocked loose
more like Nails
metallica metal
but not like
h a r d   disagree
how hard?
hmm
eva’s opening isnt jrock or jpop
i can do english metal
i would
i’ll respectfully disagree
so
i can’t willfully listen to jrock or jpop ever
and jojo is a work of art
and that base of a meme show is already held by jojo
cause its only good quality is for its memes
i’d still argue against it
it also gave us “dont shoot! that man’s not black!”
should have ended it with Z
dragonball super should never have existed
yeah
part 3 has joseph at his best imo
and are gay
cause it’s outrageous 
the writing is good
i just look at jojo memes
live jojo
i scored in the sociopath range
you did get everyone talking
Ha!
weebs to the pyre
for its year though it was a 10
nah kill la kill is a solid 8/10
milo’s right i did just wanna bust your balls
your mom 17
*show
in the shoe
she’s fuckin 16
she’s not in the show
that anime bitch is not 18
...change your picture back...
you look sick
good job from soft
and the grappling hook not having a cooldown is bery cool
i do like that they shat on dodge rolling
iron pineapple is the man
good video
or a drunk parent who trips
in my experience it’s usually some retard kid who trips over the power cable for the inflator thing. and parents who are too dumb to realize it.
awful way to go as a kid, death by suffocation in a collapsing bouncy house
i’ve been in 3 which makes me think it’s gotta be a pretty common occurrence 
while the floor is sucking you in cause it’s losing air 
and its just slowly falling on you
over your head
csuse all the fuckin material weighs like 80 pounds
shits big gay
until the thing collapsed with all the 10 year olds inside
have yall negus ever been stuck inside a collapsing bouncy house?
and i just kept throwing them at the walls
Yeah, I guess
Nothing
reminds me of a dream i had where i was getting attacked by 10 year olds in a fuckin bouncy house
i just thought it was funny that you got your ass whooped by 20 10 year olds
no
im gonna need the deets on that one
lmao
Nice meme
just found out that this is an actual sport. that exists 
i must be in a generous mood today. have this shit too.
skullgirls is the best fighting game
prove me wrong
don’t make it not look stupid 
for real though, black skin and bright orange hair really don't go together imo. looks weird
same shit dx
wait i look retarded in dota
now i’ve gotta play that game
they put me in dota
wait
(puke)
What do you know?
*though
it’s not free thougj
but more fun
it’s like apex
if you’re looking for a good shooter i highly recommend titanfall 2
rough shit
you reinstalled apex?
Yeah, it happens
age hasn't made it less funny i think
i know
talking about aggressive marketing reminded me of this
Yeah, for sure
spellbreak just moved to the epic games store
that's for sure
it's a big dick business strategy
i mean
yeah
they’re trying to brute force themselves onto the market and it aint cool
kms
missed a primo chance to start slamming all the lyrics to X gon give it to ya in all caps
i really ought to check in on this shit more
Scrubs
(yes)
from yesterday is making shit pop up on my comp
your fucking poll
 but the story is good enough that yeah you should still play them all
pretty sure exodus has a new set of characters 
Thanks for understanding
One of us
like me
he’s got viewers, but there’s nothing to view for months on end so they just stop caring
so hes broke
on youtube 
sky doesn’t make videos
Verily.
Fair enough.
Well, now you know
crashes every 4 mins
and game doesn’t work
adding friends is dogshit
that might be worth looking at.
i didn't know you could climb in apex legends
Tony Nguyen
‏
 
@TonyDatNguyen
Follow Follow @TonyDatNguyen
More
Replying to @notodderon
wow you can actually just whiff scissors in neutral and use it as a kara cancel into paper on reaction this is crazy


the comments are even better
wait
not gonna point out how i definitely lost points for losing rps, cause im sly as fuck like that.
net neutral overall
but winning rps is a point gain
lying to your friends is a point loss.
you said you were a scissors main you cuck
need nerf
gay
fuck
scissors.
David i think you earned a massive amount of points with that gem there.
jesus fucking christ
just visualize the nerfs in an actual game
upon detailed inspection it's actually an elder god tier meme
it gets better every time you look at it
once again david strikes back with those consistenly clean memes. to this day, no idea how you do it.
Thank you!
and if nothing else we humans are just little machines for the companies above us to advertise through 
cause those things are the shit
yes that was subtle product placement for the lemon pellegrinos
it’s a good place to write, especially if you get this table
so today i got the fuck out and am hanging out in the barnes and noble at the grove.
my aunt invited cousins over from boston to my house, and i forgot until like sunday
Yeah, they should
theres also my personal favorite, #5 a hole is a hole is a hole
but there are more than three schools of thot that govern the world
idk why autocorrect made that plural
3 is the correct opinion
3 is the correct opinion
the female disorder is a rough one
both
i wouldn’t expect anything less from a proper man such as yourself michael
with all due respect, of course 
make sure to slap the shit outta that bitch for being late
are my fellow brothers respecting women?
how all yall nerdy negusi spending valentines day?
Gracias
it's
im sure it not fun for anyone else
its really just fun to be the kirby in that scenario
is kirby after eating krool
only thing more the shit than krool
though krool is still the shit
rip krool
yeah
thats too much
no way man
i'll be happy
if they made his forward air a few frames faster in compensation
he was in a good spot
fuck the gordo nerf
i see
and dedede is king of the stage
they made her downspecial playable
those are squad
but i main zelda and dedede
it's an incredibly good meme
i like that plant is op
yeah
but
you can try to predict it
yep
that shit's telegraphed as fuck but you still get hit by it
and the down special
it's the best move in the game
easily
i suppose
i was gonna say stupid good
piranha plants neutral air is
ez game
you can jump around with fuckin dedede and only neutral air and up tilt and win
there isn't a character where you can't just goon in with neutral air
but neutral air is how you win with every character
neutral air thought so
lmao
how do you play ridley?
he's also terrible
ridley is thug as fuck
highest damage at the longest range, best edge guarding, best recovery
best character in the game
just play piranha plant
so he still gets outshined
yeah but chrom is better roy
is fucking hilarious
which
he's mostly iconic cause smash
roy was ass
lul
the story would have been fine
if i could have been anyone other than corrin
you're right
you know
cause they fucking nailed the difficulty
i mean, you're right though, the gameplay for conquest was great
unless all the characters were grade A idiots
where none of that shit could happen
its one of those stories
and it's still trash
conquest was the not weeby one
no
fates?
although the whole matchmaking part of fire emblem is gonna be REALLY weird
im just talking in comparison to fates
like there's a chance that they could make something half decent
i mean the story isn't fucked from the get go
it's gonna be really fucking anime too
it's
not bullshit
yeah i thought they'd keep it simple and like
wtf is this
y e a h
it's fire emblem highschool man
idk
i.
i just watched it
did you see the nintendo direct about fire emblem?
milo
wait
much worse to watch
apex is boring to play in comparison
im still so salty
the difference is so huge
dude even just watching apex gameplay vs titanfall gameplay
Oh okay, then
each of these skype conversations are unique and masterful works of art
wow
(tongueout)
You know what?
Well, now you know
Haha, you already know
Haha, it's true
Hehe
That's what I thought
Oh okay, then
I said so
What's your name?
I am glad you are
I am glad too
I am blushing
Haha, you are welcome
Haha, no problem
Haha, you are welcome
Haha, no problem
Haha, you are welcome
Haha, no problem
Haha, you are welcome
Haha, no problem
Haha, you are welcome
i thought you weren't making a fortnite reference
i got fucking baited by that one david
i want to kill myself
Haha, fair enough
got stumped
i love that skype fucking
Huh?
Why do you ask?
No problem!
Cheers!
Excellent!
its more fun
disrespect&gt;winning
of which there are a lot of
that's from people who didn't play titanfall
and kill them
cause you can grab people with it
not when they're the grappling hook
rip
good man
you just shot your gun
huh
with just random people?
nice
still, fuck that game, game sucks.
but you get less freedom of movement
for the same reason really
wraith is also pretty good
that's how you win
just pick pathfinder, learn how to control the grappling hook and slingshot, then just run around and flank for big brain plays
but it feels like ass
well you can
you can't play titanfall without an fov that's 90 or higher
it helps
also scale the fov way up
oh
and you have to play through that shit
normally it looks like someone slapped one of those sheets full of tiny holes on top of your monitor
wtf
tis' unplayable
that's how most newer games end up on my comp
right?
it just looked like shit cause you had to turn the rendering down
and now it's playable?
once you learn how to slingshot yourself on your grappling hook it's like a whole new world
it was the same for titanfall
it absolutely changes the game
you gotta learn the grappling hook mechanics
if you play it
nvm my comp has like 2
oh Vram
it'll be like 50 bucks for 2 4 gb sticks\
you can just add more cant you?
but i always splurge on ram
even i have 8 in this shit comp
oof
but it could have been a better game by not being a battle royale and instead being fucking titanfall 3
it's probably the best battle royale out rn
im not saying its bad
the sprites made the game playable
fucking kniferangs and ground harnesses
are aussie greentexts
i think my favorite greentexts
easy
uhh
sounds
Did you win?
that game looks fucking sick
also its gonna be irrelevant once spellbreak comes out
cause its not titanfall 3
fuck that game
i think i'll need to consult the board to evaluate that opinion, parsa
popularity doesn't equate to quality
that's because battle royales are flavor of the season these days
there was an interview in which they said they weren't working on titanfall 3
apex is titanfall for cucks
Oh okay, then
What do you know?
I guess so
I guess you are
Yes, quite.
Indubitably.
Repeatedly.
Ever.
Never too late
lmao
Skype auto-response is what gets me through the day.
(yes)
I think you know
You better be
Haha, I guess so
Haha, fair enough
Yeah, it would
That would be fun
Do not worry about it.
Correct.
What are you doing?
I am happy too
I am happy too
I am happy too
I am glad you are
You are very welcome
Apology accepted.
I was agreeing with you
And why?
Oh hi
I live here
Are you still around?
I am online now
One of us
Huzzah!
Hooray!
Hooray!
That's the spirit!
You should get one
What's yours?
My pleasure!
No problem, enjoy!
Delivered.
i agree
memes are fine as long as the memes shared contain correct opinions.
memes are fine as long as the memes shared contain correct opinions.
fuck
this is a perfectly valid meme.
like this one
thanks.
wow i'm too stupid to verify that opinion, david actually found a loophole
The best kind of correct.
im gonna run with this for as long as i can because it's an exceptionally milkable joke and i have no problems going for low hanging fruit
but...
i was gonna try to do some shit with italics to make it even dumber
now that is a correct opinion
wo
now, _that
and i don't want you to get the dogs, my man.
or at least a question mark, cause you might accidentally state an improper opinion that way 
parsa, you're really walking on thin ice here.
I'll take looking like a bitch in order to frame that correctly
Are you framing that as a question or as a statement?
Are you framing that as a question or as a statement?
but the title of the group chat doesn't say America, it says The Correct Opinion Zone.
i'd agree that that opinion is correct
good luck parsa
because we have no room for incorrect opinions in The Correct Opinion Zone
by dogs.
if you think something different and state that opinion you'll be excommunicated and summarily killed.
correct
so you can't do it.
if you edit that sentence to add a space between "to" and "The" there you'll look like a bitch now.
eat shit
cause that means you're bad at autochess
you should be sad for getting cucked by megacreeps round 3
it is.
well now you're voluntarily giving me ammunition for the gun that i'm gonna flame you with
lucky for you i don't know what that means
so
i don't play auto chess
brain cells bad. self-awareness make depression
lost enough brain cells yet?
but also good
league gay
fortnite for gay faggy kids
fortnite gay
lootbox bad
ea hitler
apex rly good game ook
okok
at least as a mechanic on it's own
one big point in favor of apex is that the grappling hook still works the same
if it was a paid game i'd have issues with the lootboxes, but it's not paid
its also a free game
loot boxes are just cosmetics
you don't need to buy the lootboxes to win the game
it is good
ea being hitler has nothing to do with respawn making the decision to get bought out by them
nah i think respawn is at fault for apex
game's been taken down now.
ah sorry, preordered.
idk, still kinda scummy
if you preorder metro exodus on steam you can play it through steam apparently
rip metro
im just saying titanfall was the best like arcade-y, non-tactical fps out there, and respawn decided to take all the fucking things that raised the skill ceiling and allowed for people to make crazy brain-melting aerial maneuvers while gunning down rows of pre-teens and replaced them with shitty imitations of those things so they can relate their cash grab battle royale game to titanfall and appease their current fans.
if they were fucking steam or something
older games, but subnautica, super meat boy, and axiom verge are all quality games that they could probably have made actual money off of
it's the most idiotic shit
you know they're releasing games for free like weekly just to get people to come onto their platform
yeah epic games is a shitshow
yeah that's why titanfall 3 is gonna take fucking forever
blackout got people who hate call of duty playing call of duty because it's a battle royale
im unhappy
i played both
yeah
it's titanfall for cucks
but there's no double jump, slide hopping got destroyed, cause the boost from sliding is so miniscule and doesn't refresh off of multiple jumps, no wall running, and base walk and run speed is much slower.
like if it had all the titanfall mechanics i'd be with it
it's just that apex legends is lame in pretty much every way when you compare it to titanfall
he's not wrong
but now people can just complain about it after it's released
yeah
which is so fucking bitchmade
but they just didn't disclose that they weren't so they wouldn't have to face backlash from the fans
nobody fuckin asked for apex
they could have just made titanfall 3
but titanfall is better
so yeah
that meme is kinda depressing
lmao
okay
thats like 300 messages 
what the fuck
traps are gay cause penis between legs
this is incorrect 
fuck man
stomach pumped
nvm this is a good video
he have a controller when it's being played on pc
does
why
ok
fortnite?
...
probably 
just going by the demo they showed, their animators have got a lot of work to do to, cause rn enemies look like shit
have you seen gameplay footage of exodus?
not a single one below a 8/10
these are good ass memes
and shaggy
thank fuck
oh ok
is that league now?
is that mid nid with exhaust?
eric uninstalled league?
so many messages 
holy fucking shit
nice
just don't like that one
just messin the foo fighters got some good shit
im a nigger i like to throw shit around and cripwalk everywhere without making anything of myself because i've been horribly crippled by the system so i don't have to take responsibility for my choices
fuck the foo fighters and fuck ur room
and these days succ
i looked it up
i don't even know that song
lol
he's a cool guy
these days
which is pretty rare
amine is a good rapper
holy shit lmao
it’s the BIG YOSHI
also dunkey’s return to the basics makes me so happy
sometimes we still iz kangs n shiet
yall nignogs ever be waiting for the subway or the bus and it comes and the door stops right in front of you?
[1548463156] Milo Amoore: 
What I wouldn't give to have "those" places back. The favorite places of mine I showed you that I can't walk into without being assaulted by the bitter loneliness of memory. Restaurants I loved that I took you to are no more than graveyards for our love that I can no longer bear to visit. My soul resides in these places, and I'm sure you're taking another to them with high spirits and smiles while I lay in the catacomb that once was a home.

&lt;&lt;&lt; where the fuck you find this shit my man?
he ain't a poet but like fuck it
im not gonna roast this guy for doing what he likes
actually
which, on it's own isn't bad, but combined with the lyrics
that song sounds like it was made in garage band
uh
holy shit
this is the bigger flex
died there
i fuckin
"my safeword is pineapple juice"
"my safeword is pineapple juice"
that bitch stole that song from sky billiams
lmfao
wtf
Yes it would
MLK died so we could be morose and lugubrious.
same?
Yet.
i love it
jfc
[1548103926] Milo Amoore: and he looks like he lives in dirt

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
oh yeah he’s a monster 
Wave
go get some half off nigger chicken
guys its nigga day
ook
i'm not gonna read the comic, but i am gonna say it's big gay as if i did read it.
oof
Yeah I did
nerf graves
camille, xin, graves
and nunu aint one of them
you can only play like 6 champs and graves to peak efficiency 
fuck current jg
that's a good ass meme
how long in vegas memelo?
excellent
wow jack black's son is fuckin losing his shit in that video
and just spamming through their poise thing
also sekiro is just souls gameplay but now you can win by spamming light attack
not to mention his fuckin beard is nutty
in pepperino
ripperino
but yea i guess i see it
shit range for a mage
wait he's a bruiser that copies people's fucking ults?
We are legion.
lmao
yes it is
with kills/souls collected?
is he an absolute unit, at the very least?
well
what they said to expect in their promo videos
and much more disappointing 
slightly less retarded
but
atlas is just ark
Thank you very much!
I am glad you agree
Why is that?
My pleasure!
2 times
hit him
hows day 1 going?
ook
Yes you would
What's the reference?
Huzzah!
Woo!
Very nice
What are you playing?
Yeah that one
Why is that?
cancer
My boys
lmao
what the fuck
l m a o
[1545511433] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's only 12:32 pm

&lt;&lt;&lt; wow im fucking retarded
don't tell me you're already hitting that pizza
it's only 12:32 pm
sleeping before 1
welcome to the real world parsa
which part of china u in nathan?
also hong kong is china
rip china
you on the mountain?
what's poppin with the boys?
eks dee?
I guess so
regardless if the plan to bool is today during the day, i won't be able to make it. had an appointment to take my dog to the groomers today and she won't be done until like 5
im not
i thought the plan was for tonight
wait you're doin this shit now?
cause nobody’s responded to that and you’ve asked 3 times 
at least thats what im assuming 
to doing anything before
nope
:^)
fuck it
at 7:00 pm
i took B8
plus you just lean way the fuck back anyway 
yea
no
those are unacceptable 
tbh i dont care
only first 2 rows available 
seats are fucked
also 7:00’s probably safer
because she missed it? or because she’s crazy?
uh
is she fuckin homeless or something?
for parsa
well you should come
right
and aren’t you not going to the movie?
tbh i don’t even know where your house is
wo
ok
i may just leave now anyway, though
5:15 means i gotta leave now
alright amc7 at 5:15 or at 7:00
do we see the movie before or after food
oh im an hour late anyway sorry 
at my bar rn, i’ll have to go next
alright, sneaky’s like at least 75% gay, right?
and ralph is a retard
thats such a good image
i can on wednesday 
rip you
l m a o
between 4 and 8?
i prefer tomorrow 
friday night i could also hit the mountain 
k a p p a
oh whats that?
Pm sent
Pm sent
those are the easiest days for me anyway 
this week ie tues/wed?
or maybe fortunate 
very unfortunate 
and saturday i got cucked by my mom being in town
friday my mans jonah was busy
i haven’t seen it yet
i can’t guarantee i’d be playing civ
i can’t guarantee i’d be playing civ
but if i wasn’t working 
Work gay
Thanks again!
Gotcha
Any nickname?
yep
cause next week im fucked
but fr sometime this week
never, apparently 
is already VERY serious business
even though jojo
fighting gold makes jojo look way the fuck more serious than it actually is
till rockstar cucked it
was
campaign when?
cause
is everyone not in class tonight?
good work boys, well meme’d
I am definitely not
I am just curious
Good guess
What's your name?
Thanks again!
Are you still around?
Coming online
No problem!
ok stop hfs
(laugh)
(smile)
(laugh)
Thank you very much!
My pleasure!
Yep
Gates open!
I am online now
#1 king k bool main here
im top smash player
i dropped fighterz too
t r u e
which is funny
i think he dropped fighterz for rainbow six siege for the most part
aight
o o f
ok so real talk am i going to santa monica rn or to downtown to see it w/ my boy jonah
they’d have to change the name to miles blackman if it was you
0/10 completely un-immersive
miles morales is a good character though, so its not all that unexpected 
is black/mexican, isnt in a gang
yea
even though he’s bootleg peter parker
you saw it?
hopefully it doesn’t mean that
and im gonna see that fuckin movie even if it means going alone
well i got today and tomorrow free
ik eric does too cause he asked about it
anyone tryna see into the spider verse?
oh shit
and you have your last final today?
nice
when do you niggas get here?
Legendary
eat rocks
is that after the last season of the show comes out and is a complete trainwreck, all the authors who might have wanted to finish it will be scared off. and it will either never be finished, or some complete retard dumbass will pick it up and write something even worse than the show finale.
what'll probably happen
that's good
i can't even begin to start reading it, cause it's so fuckin stupidly long.
wheel of time is too fucking long
it'll probably end up being brandon sanderson too
lul
a much better writer
rothfuss is also
yeah
grrm is slow as fuck though.
most writers aint that fast
since fuckin brandon sanderson writes like he's been huffing cocaine to stay awake for 5 years
you're coming from a bit of a bias there
that said
*story
and not really with the books
that's an issue with the writer though
and a 7 year cliffhanger is fucking ridiculous.
the bigger problem is that it's been like a little over 7 years since DwD was published.
the end of the book and the end of the story are two different things
well
and because the writers aren’t actually good writers, the show went to shit
sorta
after season 4 they went past the book material 
yeah i guess it wouldn’t be as bad if we didn’t have to wait a week between each shit tier episode
oh
not waiting for episodes?
and be done in time for next season
you can probably watch it
no one more season
y e p
it was awful too
Oh i remember the end of season 7 was a monologue 
7 was just dogshit then
6 ending was lit
oh nvm
was season 7 end the one where the building got nuked?
hmm
yeah
though season 7 finale was pretty lit
game of thrones has sucked since season 5
and that you don't even have control over your arms or legs.
better safe than realizing that the shadow people have been talking to you all your life.
that sounds like asking for a bad trip
idk bout drinking while on 3.5 grams
You will
yeah like that
that's black/mexican women all the time though
oh yeah
as rare as you think.
not
and then 8 months later you find out it's someone else's
thots are the type that will show up unannounced at your job and make a scene about them being pregnant with your kid.
thots are fake women
and her dad and brother beat her and make her sleep in the shit ditch.
more likely she goes back home to inda
but is apparently the fault of all american men
that'll never happen
one of those crazy things
This is true
she looks like she shat in the street at some point in her life.
hotter than mia khalifa
they're reallllly really hot.
unless
Y U P
we can swap
100% personal.
it is
are gross
eat dead things
maggot women
black women more like
indian women dog human
no thats indian women
nothing would change.
nothing would change.
and not when.
thats why you say if
come back as a gila monster
and if reincarnation is a thing i definitely don't want to come back.
but i don't want to live forever
if it's a good computer simulation maybe
up until that point
would have been fun though
good times.
cocaine, weed, and a bunch of people fucking outdoors.
70s was all fuckin
Dad?
What's the difference?
same
holy shit
*70
no need for blues in the 70
yeah definitely
that's what you mean
oh
but black people can also just
 eh i guess it's about the economy
this is a huge generalization though
rap songs are about sex with references to selling drugs or taking part in gang shit
disco songs are mostly about dancing, with a bunch of references to sex.
well the content in the songs is different too
disco was better
ik
and it's the same exact thing.
just replace disco with rap.
i mean it hasn't changed really
*money
and instead focuses on being funny and making miney
everybody hates chris just doesn't focus on how shitty black culture is
it's not a bad reference point
and then they dip before they start getting controlled by a dumb thotty white bitch who caught onto the game.
and then fuck them
black guys use their natural bigger dicks to woo dumb thotty white women
and black men are even dumber than black women and all they really want is to put their dicks into as many holes as they can.
and because black women need to control black men
its true
so they can't do that.
it's just that most of them aren't that smart
with their vaginas
black women are taught that in order to get what they want they need to find a man and control him
yeah but you're not in a relationship
it's part of black childhood
no skinny ones have it in them too
cause they're loud, they smell bad, and they're all taught to be stubborn and pissed and obnoxious.
everything is better than black women
black women are the worst
dude
that ones pretty obvious
the black lady is though
these women aint that autistic
gotta see if publishers don't fuck it in the ass
yeah
looks better though
since it's not a neuclear fallout
no.
well.
Read the title.
dmx is big dumb
That's what I thought
it wasn’t me
that was michael
league gay
What was it?
i don’t even remember opening my phone at 4
why’d i send a yeah i guess right there?
why’d i send a yeah i guess right there?
wtf
Yeah I guess
r e t a r d e d
WTF IS THAT SHIT?
YOU CAN'T PICK WHERE YOU PUT YOUR CARDS
ALSO
i don't like either game
is axe good?
ik
a videogame that you spent money to buy
fourteen dollars for a single videogame card
legs?
lul
actually nvm i can't think of a scenario in which that's not completely stupid and needs to be gutted.
but uh
like off camera
or on ledge
like above stage?
what sort of offstage?
UHHHHHHHHHH
only if you sweet spot it though, right?
LOL
*roy
cause chrom looks like a man, wheras chroy looks like a girl boy
i completely disagree
chrom's sick
roy gay
ok
OH
wot
side b and neutral b are marth core imo
yep just marth
was it side b?
what was different with roy?
roy is marth
so he's marth
or is he just marth?
is chrom just ike?
thats retarded
*swap character
can't swapcharacter?
were you taking latino studies?
why
Oh, gotcha.
my comp is so shit, spamming paste lags that shit
wow
LEAGUE
LEAGUELEAGUELEAGUELEAGUELEAGUELEAGUE

LEAGUE
v
LEAGUE
LEAGUE
that are just a pair of small smiles and a pair of large ones
i have 4 options for auto response
why do
Hehe
What's your name?
worth a try
that's a point in its favor
so
i can run smash
that's good then
they're just not top tier
also the graphics aren't awful
yep
i could run tekken on my shitty computer
if
i'd prob get tekken before smash
maybe
maybe i'd get it
if all of smash's music was done by carpenter brut
see
ahh
are you ok michael?
honestly i don't think imma buy it.
ah
is smash out?
i didn't know
milo.
wow.
lol
or wait no other way around
but support midlaners
it's coming back
monkaHMMMMM
i soft quit league for half the year man
yeah
yeah but the fact that that was meta is bad enough
and overwatch season 1 was the worst thing ever
you watch hearthstone through individual games. if those are bad. game is bad.
you play hearthstone through individual games
yeah but
that's what they should do
cause
is renting it out not an option or something?
lmao
just hold it
that’s stupid 
lul
(y)
but the fact that it looks like it has the potential will make all the retards buy it
it won’t 
that one looks like it has potential to be good
sell after anthem then
cause its call of duty
ther’ll be another one next year though
i know that
well yea
oh rip
they’ve got cod, battlefield, anthem, destiny 3
then sell
and wait for the next couple games to come out
you buy now
actually 
maybe they’ll get their shit together 
thats good news tbh
eks dee
in one year
sold too many dumpster fires
that they can literally sell a dumpster fire and turn an immeasurable profit
activision has so many subsidiary companies with so many mindless fans
better off just selling and putting that stock into Activision tbh 
mostly cause smash player base isn’t massive
is not massive 
the problem is that smash’s player base that would pay $25 f
or first day dlc
both are known things
or the dlc characters?
the online is paid now?
thats worse than ea
thats gross
and online will be paid
they’ll do dlc smash characters 
not as much as new games
and make so much money
just start remastering old shit
they could honestly
its just gonna go down more, with the new pokemon being shit
rip
oof
like tonight.
would you turn a profit if you sold right now?
like blizzard
pot stock in other things
just sell
buying nintendo stock has never been a good idea
but
i guess
do you want them to do that?
but that would be shitty
they probably are
yea but thats what the argument is about
who here gives a fuck about fifa?
and i don’t have to care
but i dont have to buy it
yeah
i dont argue for other prople
to me
your point is ridiculous and stupid
so we’ll go play something else
smash bros won’t matter anymore
when sakurai dies
but the point is
apple hasnt made anything since he died
*died
considering that apple hasn’t made a new idea since steve jobs dies
its not a bad point though
thats not what conversation is about
but
yeah
feels fuckin bad man
until micro transactions 
pocket god was good though 
and the guys who made stardew valley
like the guys who made owl boy
or they’ll be one hit wonders
thats not a change
even 5 years ago
even today
big AAA studios dont make good games
so
but you were just saying they wont exist
ok
skype sabotaging me
l m a o
*games
and they’ll make ganes
I am too good
but there will still be companies that want to make good games
and people are too dumb to not spend money on it
mobile games are the future 
it will
no eric you just made yourself sound stupid
this conversation would be irrelevant by then
yeah but
rn
clearly you’re wrong
so
smash 4 with better mechanics and more balanced characters 
[1544078656] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: they should just be making a better, deeper smash

&lt;&lt;&lt; this is what smash ultimate is
except
which is what 60% of smash fans, and 100% of the smash comp scene wants
they should just be making a better, deeper smash
they don’t need to make a smash with a comp scene
nintendo has literally all the money they could possibly need
nintendo has money
this isnt what the point is
but
okay
dude wtf
just a regular duty
its not a moral duty
i disagree
big game companies exist to make money
nah game companies exist to make games
off of esports
yeah if you want to make money
and it makes me unhappy 
yes
and overwatch sucks giant shlong
and the next most popular competitive game scene is overwatch
and league is a bad game
but hearthstone is a bad game
in that your points are correct
i agree with you to some degree
actually interesting 
not like
it makes it interesting on the surface level
if hearthstone is any indication 
but apparently that’s what people like to see
items are stupid brainless rng
nvm
actually items might fix that
yeah but items won’t fix that
the problem with most fighting games that smash doesn’t really have yet is that they’re mostly solved games
soooooooo
4 had shitty mechanics and a large, terribly balanced roster
brawl trash
melee had great mechanics but a tiny and ridiculously unbalanced roster
smash has been great as a competitive game 
not that
how would items make comp more competitive?
items introduce a ton of shitty rng
good shit eric
l u l
yikers
...
that's some real shit right there
put it on watermelon sour patch
acid cheap
cause internal high &gt; external high
shrooms
i'd volunteer my place if it wasn't so cancer
lets not do shrooms outside ye
bgm gave me cancer tho
slacks is great
with ur fists?
u tryna absolve some faces
memelo
oi
isnt fantano an autist tho?
i didn’t watch video
What did he say?
canadian white girls are just as thotty
go for french canadian white girls
she wants jordan peterson to say he’s a feminist 
same with shapiro but unlike shapiro, he’s not a mass muder killing machine
jordan peterson generally gets hard attacked in most of his interviews
thats cause he’s old
but he’s a dick for a reason
he is
wo
why u hate jordan peterson?
thats something worth celebrating 
wow
Cue
fuckin said the joke i was gonna say
WOW
so its less like so
work starts in 15 mins
but
yes
the boys from solitary confinement would win ez pz
4 team battle royale?
LOL
What's stopping you?
and let em at it
just tell everyone in the prisons that the last man left standing inside gets to go free
cheapest and easiest too
also gladiator fight to the death is the best idea
what was the wait mars question? if you remember it
last night
i shlept af
same
i personally don’t feel that way about streaming and video games
i rescind my statement 
arright you raise a good point
yea
streamers dont need the money
somewhere else
that said he should be donating it to
but this video is cancer
ok thats less degenerate 
50k is a lot
he gets paid to donate a shitton of money to randos
does he make videos of him donating money to streamers?
is the most retarded scumbag shit i’ve ever seen
yeah but to use someone’s fame to make a couple quick bucks in THIS way?
ofc he is he’s getting paid for saying piewdiepie’s name
that kinda fag
mr beast
what kinda fag would make this?
why does this exist
l m a o
yea
when you join it
use your gail voice
no
no
omg
yeah
&gt;.&gt;
all teen videos on pornhub are 18+
thats 2 years after you’re 18
cause then fucking 18 year olds is weird
no i’d say like 30
?
uh
cause they’re funny
nah ben shapiro memes should be a thing
i didn’t think you were authoritarian, but not hard lefties. considering how much you rag on em
yall niggas liberal af tho
its a great time
don’t you love it when someone prefaces their dickish comment with “not to be a dick”
yea ik
they didn’t do this rigged af test
cause
but you’ve gotta take the famous peoples scores with a bit of salt
be like a dick or anything 
not to
so i had to agree or disagree to a lot of shit that i don’t have an opinion on
because there wasn’t a i don’t care button
that that test is rigged
i do think
Economic Left/Right: -0.88 
Social Libertarian/Authoritarian: -2.51
ds3 looks and plays like a good game
and
cause ds2 looks and plays like a trash heap
but it's not that hard to imagine.
i didn't know it
rather than the vagina
is on the nigger dick
cause the focus
bbc porn is gay
LOL
?
that's gay
finger
elbow?
league?
good point
ah
the point is to nut as much as possible 
why would you take premature ejaculation pills for ddc
he said bbc porn
answer still applies though
bbc not bbw
wait you said
cause it’s nasty 
but that’s ridiculous 
i was gonna try going for 30
yup
no nut november is for faggots
to make a point
yug
until today
i didnt
fuck nnn
going on 5th
4 times
i failed no no nut november 
i have an announcement 
boys
Monorail!
Cheers!
yup
after campaign
oi memelo u got class today?
that club is way too big for her
parents too in that case
earl's the only dude who can rap with tyler and keep up
i miss earl
lol
shit’s nutty out there
i was just outside in the storm
hfs
i’ve never seen anything so inherently bm
i don’t think i could get bored of this
troll potential is through the roof
i found an afk dude so im taking him from the south end of the map to the north
you can hogtie players and just kidnap them
omg
ive never felt so african american
and you apparently can’t spawn a new horse when yours gets stolen
so i killed him 10 times and then took his horse and ran
some dude randomly killed me
and just fuck around 
u make a character 
nah its like gta online
its the best
is fuckin stupid as hell
red dead online
liberal tree fucker fag
for info
fuck trees
youre gay
trees=gay
you’re gay
have a video
here
ech
that's fuckin
are they fakes?
like
why does he have tits?
and stop fuckin playing around
i just want bethesda to release elder scrolls 6
hopefully the resolution will be bearable
but that's cool
i didn't
chat is filled with the gay
cause
that's a stupid idea
who’s in, who’s out?
can we get a state of the game for nnn?
michael has evolved
or gay
to "another libtard destroyed"
change your mood thing
michael
comparing t1 to vegeta is pretty fuckin accurate
lmao
nah youtube algorithm is fucked to shit
trying to push their weeb trash
fuckin youtube
you got that in your suggested shit too?
eks dee
artifags
more like
artifact
fuck your pda's dickwads
is gold
of the dude slide tackling the couple in the hallway
that gif from earlier
eric
[1543275943] Milo Amoore: what about "campaign when?"

&lt;&lt;&lt; GOOD QUESTION WOW
feels fucking bad man
with a camera shift so it’s not top down and combat that’s much more movement intensive since you use wasd to move instead of your mouse?
krautzland icht das scheisse
why not just do it as germany?
but
yeah
Holy fucking shit man what a ride
oof
this is fucking cancer
wtf is this shit
wait why is every bus around usc on a fucking detour
so i can be home by 7
we leaving
and okay michael glad we got that cleared up. I’ll have to politely decline cause that shit gay asf and im not a degenerate faggit
only if we leave now
is that what you’re suggesting i do.
go downtown on these nuts?
idk
if you come downtown i’ll comw
is very important though
bayonetta being on the end
just the tiers are important
i don't count that as anything tbh
wait
and i like killager better than zero suit samus but i wouldn't put him in A
this is true
fuck you and your geno
i like robin's kit is all
i'd say male robin outta be B tier
and female robin is d tier
male robin is c tier
i like how
lmao
fuck you bismark and ghandi are the only ones
it depends
convert to what.
it was good im gonna go drink bleach now
yeah
(puke)
...
of all people
why ludacris
ginseng maybe
there isn't a worse vegetable, unless it's some really obscure shit that you only find in like southeast asia where people eat dog shit covered in charcoal
worst vegetable is eggplant 
brussel sprouts are good
Pretty sure
get real
you’re the only fag in camp pain
Me too thanks
*original youtube retard
he’s the original retard
fuck pewds
ez
in borderlands 2
gage best character 
but you'd have to be duo
she could probably be played support with some success
when she's designed to be a fucking jungler
fuckin put out a video titled "Wait... is jungle neeko's best role???"
and guys i think redmercy is retarded
i was lookin at neeko shit
so
just get that part outta the way
for a new computer
graphics card
im gonna buy a graphics card
nope
same
(puke)
l m a o
oh yeah?
this'll make parsa fail nnn
look at the fucking rats man
*shit
yo i can't believe i never saw this shi
roast malone
now watch all her shit have six passives and disgusting numbers
for posterity 
[1542652269] Eric Huang: then suddenly XD IT WAS ME NEEKO UWU GET ONE SHOT UWU

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
give her higher cds
nerf leblanc
just
lol
cause those niggers cant play
but yi is cancer in low elo
to make sure things aren’t cancer in low elo
okay lets rework him
oh is aatrox finally a champion after three years?
oh is cho gath too tanky? lets nerf his damage potential, but make sure he can continue to be tanky as fuck
maybe, but there’s certainly not a problem with that’ lets just nerf his range and his damage to towers so he can’t do anything 
oh is azir’s damage too high?
i love riot’s balance philosophy 
lmao they just gutted everything about him
ya boy retarded
wtf lmao
20?
i forgot
cause soldiers have a range of
the range was longer too
old azir range was cancer though
OOF
no 22 was right
*20
but scales to 22
the aa range is broken at 4 stacks
oh god
getting aa’d from 3 miles away
i love it
owow
fuck yorick
cause kindred was bad
7.22 sucked dick
oof
assuming he does his job
i mean ivern just means both junglers will be useless
yeah
yeah
yeah
i’d like it
it’d fool bronzies
ikr
do you transform into champs on your team or their team?
idk she’s lookin pretty underaged to me
who tf at riot keeps making these
wait is this another thousand year old that looks like a 15 year old girl?
no you’re not a w o m a n
dude ofc people like her she isn’t wearing any pants 
that doesnt wear pants?
but why did it have to be a furry anime bitch shape shifter
i new we had a shapeshifter 
i new we had a shapeshifter 
wot
i only started today
mostly because
halfway done with rerolling btw
i'm like
dar bearlsammer was pretty gay
are you sure about that one?
uh
fantano's a fuckin ape
im just messin man
choke on fantano's melon dick and die
choke on fantano's melon dick and die
: ?
who's virgil?
wait wtf
im sure you don’t have to in dota either 
yea it is. You dont have to build crit items in league 
unless it’s opt-in rng or something. like crit chance in games
unless it’s opt-in rng or something. like crit chance in games
always
rng is gay
no
Whenever
I know I will
i won’t be there
bácoñ
and good shit being reformed 
shinsengume is good, but not as good, and tsujita i’ve never heard of
than the sawtelle one
the one in downtown is better
hold on was the wait to get in around 30 mins?
cool
rly
no meme
and it will make you hate all other inferior ramen places
it is the best
because 
one day im gonna get one of you fools to come to downtown to get ramen at daikokuya 
fuckin azn names
why
his video doesn't have many clips of side missions
it's bad if you rush it
most people did
i think dunkey bumrushed the story
2 good to pass up
but the story is too good
the movement is choppy and the combat is really fuckin easy
i don't think most people hate red dead 2
also
shit’s rough 
red dead 2 is a ride
fuck man
goddam
that fuckin squidward
(heart)
lmao
chance is gay tho lul
[1542344770] Milo Amoore: ok wait nvm he's probably busy till sunday haHAA

&lt;&lt;&lt; this
i wasn’t oofing chance
?
uhhh oof
as long as yall think you can navigate 
i mean
michael's back only for the weekend, right?
what about shrooms tho
oof
they look pretty much the same
basically
he's cool
oh, king krule is pretty popular i guess
after kendrick and tyler the creator, i think fly-lo and thundercat are probably the upper limits of like things that i listen to that most people would know of
yeah understandable
but nothin gets me goin like the heavy nails on chalkboard shit
and then weird esoteric musicians like bjork or julia roberts
shit like flying lotus, thundercat
and some other shit
i listen to a few rappers
nah
except the soul part is more about molly, ecstasy, and hypebeast shit
i mean if we’re gonna be as accurate as possible its rmb/soul
too chill for rock
he sings more like a popstar than a rockstar 
No I was
i’d have clapped 
lmao
i cut off the comparison bits on accident
"It’s always been a fairly straightforward compact when it comes to hip-hop: If you’re a white person eating off what has historically been black culture, you have a certain obligation to repay that creative debt. Eminem continues to attack the hypocrisies and contradictions that allowed him to leapfrog equally gifted artists. Macklemore may have lacked subtlety or a rudimentary understanding of when to share text messages, but there was no questioning his dedication to confront his white privilege."
"It’s always been a fairly straightforward compact when it comes to hip-hop: If you’re a white person eating off what has historically been black culture, you have a certain obligation to repay that creative debt. Eminem continues to attack the hypocrisies and contradictions that allowed him to leapfrog equally gifted artists. Macklemore may have lacked subtlety or a rudimentary understanding of when to share text messages, but there was no questioning his dedication to confront his white privilege."
the difference between post malone and eminem, is that eminem can fucking rap
this is bullshit though
like damn
The most popular young artist in the most unpopular young nation is a rhinestone cowboy who looks like he crawled out of a primordial swamp of nacho cheese. Post Malone is a Halloween rental, a removable platinum grill, a Cubic Zirconium proposal on the jumbo screen of a last-place team.
there are some good ass roasts tho
cause he is a shitty rapper
fuckin
rather than insulthing him for being a shitty rapper
trying to insult post for not being political
that article is stupid
oof
thats called murder, my guy
i just wanna see mat mercer so i can tell him how good of a job he did as wolf in lol
tom hanks gay
but liquor opens the heart, so you know this is coming from the biggest realest dumbass in me
my judgement is not the best
but i’m 7 shots in so
good shit my guy
i rate 12/10
i guess i’ll just sit here and drink until i can’t feel anything about anything 
yeah
mfw this actually makes me unhappy 
mfw i arrive at work and am promptly told that there’s nothing for me to do and i can go home
yea
at least the liss skin is still good
wait is that for   e v e r y    v e r s i o n?
or a chroma
wait is this the base now?
also wtf is this shitty anime porn you sent me?
tomorrow 
as well as
i have fri and sat off
ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
i have the self control of buddha himself 
parsa won’t beat me trust
imagine popping stiffies while picking up plates at work
imagine popping stiffies while picking up plates at work
lmao
never
Ha!
ech, gay
esp not on the home stretch
nah i never lose
and i also dont wanna lose
i’d nut with you in solidarity, but by now my balls are nearly innies
fuck nnn
w0t
lmao
like a deliciously tender roast
you didn't say it to him
yeah but
lmfao
i didn't use ult or flash for anything but dodging you for the last 10 mins
fuck man
ik
i had a lot of shit to deal with
michael was fucking inting on me with zilean bombs
hey
fuck league of legends
idk if that ones a good one
idk man
woah
and then paste that shit
i'll say "what's up fellow afro-american gamers, who's ready for to be racially profiled."
first 20 seconds
im gonna post this in all chat
niggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggerniggernigger
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends

hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends

hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends

hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends

hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
hey nigger faggots, lets play league of legends
nope
but im usually not toxic enough for that shit
i almost did it in eric’s campaign last week
cause fuck it
so i decided to run it down next game
my mf inted first game and i lost before i even had a chance
so it should be ezpz
qt's a boosted animal
yea man
but i don't give a fucking fuck
it's probably impossible
alright, i need to win 4 ranked games in a row before midnight
oof
needs more jpeg
and a little hungry
or stupid
i would have become an eve main
it would have been the perfect skin
if they had just made the lashes black
yeh
they killed the skin
fuck me man
actually a lot of retards did
also what the fuck
it's the first fucking comment
no
and some riot cuck said "yeah i'll make that happen"
but this retard was like "oh but nothing stands out and i need my glowy shit"
it used to be just like the video with nothing but the glasses glowing
i just found out that some retard in league's comments made k/da evelynn look like shit
wait
l a m e
were they good skins?
worlds pass
ew
but the tattoo is cool
she probably has super aids and omega herpes
im not talking about the woman i’m talking about the tattoo
like if it was on her back instead of her vag i think it’d be cooler
regardless of the hentainess of that tatoo, the one on the right is still fucking cool as shit
i can do early sat next week but can’t be sure i’ll always be able to make it
yeah
cause falling out of god’s favor and all that
as you’d lose access to your spells and shit
actually going from LG to LE might completely fuck you eric
had it coming
older game
not overgrowth, lugaru
that rabbit fighting game is a ballsack with toothpick wheels
that rabbit fighting game is a ballsack with toothpick wheels
yea cause shitty ratings are skewed by retards
i didnt get any of those
thats a roughie
oof
i think it's safe to execute that nigger
ew
wtf
eve is def the best
this will be you
or else
dont burn and die parsa
oof
and not whatever beta cuck shit parsa posted
that was about the skyrim video i guess
all these messages
i just loaded
wtf
but haven’t watched it
i’ve had that in my recommend list for like a week
u h
wo
What are you doing there?
except the fucking 8 ft tall space marines monsters with 2 hearts running around with their dicks swinging in the air are much, much more terrifying
there's like zero difference
why don't they just run around naked?
they have all this shit
it just looks so dumb man
this is props to the book
ik i won't in this scenereo
and pizza feet
you can't even move in it unless you're juiced to shit on the most unhol-i mean HOLIEST OF STEROIDIAN CONCOCTIONS.
so fucking big dude
it's
cause
when it comes to marines
my only problem with 30k is the human armor design
maybe
i'll raise em right back
you can raise the stakes on me if you want
i gotta read horus heresy
[1541635942] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: i lost nnn on the train home from usc today

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1541635917] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: apologies fellas

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
i'll let you guys know
when i nut, and i will fall eventually
which is the first of four times you have now asked this question that i have already answered
which is the first of four times you have now asked this question that i have already answered
[1541654924] Parsa Jour: are we all still in the game?

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
in response to
this is a yes
[1541655938] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: that train shit was a meme

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1541655931] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: oh yea

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
wether or not the penalties are nullified if both players lose
and i don't feel like answering four times
but you ask everything like four times
i answered it before you asked 
yeah i did
if you nut you're a lil bitch
thems the breaks
thats it
yeah
lifestyle
it's a fuckin
it's not a competition
nananan
those should be the nnn rules
real men accept the consequences of their actions
if you lose you do the penalty, thats it.
that's a fucking gay rule
if both participants lose, neither has to do the penalty?
wait
which is a huge missed opportunity imo
that literally never got better?
her shitty sentence structure
the same voice tho
they have
that train shit was a meme
oh yea
remember when sadboi music used to fucking slap
oof
this one too
that meme hurts the soul
damn david
i lost nnn on the train home from usc today
apologies fellas
yup
nope
cmon
and they’re all gay
they’re all fake
dude
cause those ingrates will never change
are screencaps of greentext threads on 4chan
the only memes i look at these days
that i can chokeslam something that is twice the size of a thing that i could chokeslam before
does this or does this not mean
Your carrying capacity (including maximum load and maximum lift) is doubled
Taliyah
Threaded Volley (Q)
Worked ground duration lowered from 120 seconds to 80 seconds
Mana cost lowered from 60/70/80/90/100 to 45/55/65/75/85
Cooldown lowered from 11/9/7/5/3 to 7/6/5/4/3
Taliyah
Threaded Volley (Q)
Worked ground duration lowered from 120 seconds to 80 seconds
Mana cost lowered from 60/70/80/90/100 to 45/55/65/75/85
Cooldown lowered from 11/9/7/5/3 to 7/6/5/4/3
Taliyah
Threaded Volley (Q)
Worked ground duration lowered from 120 seconds to 80 seconds
Mana cost lowered from 60/70/80/90/100 to 45/55/65/75/85
Cooldown lowered from 11/9/7/5/3 to 7/6/5/4/3
Taliyah
Threaded Volley (Q)
Worked ground duration lowered from 120 seconds to 80 seconds
Mana cost lowered from 60/70/80/90/100 to 45/55/65/75/85
Cooldown lowered from 11/9/7/5/3 to 7/6/5/4/3
Taliyah
Threaded Volley (Q)
Worked ground duration lowered from 120 seconds to 80 seconds
Mana cost lowered from 60/70/80/90/100 to 45/55/65/75/85
Cooldown lowered from 11/9/7/5/3 to 7/6/5/4/3
Taliyah
Threaded Volley (Q)
Worked ground duration lowered from 120 seconds to 80 seconds
Mana cost lowered from 60/70/80/90/100 to 45/55/65/75/85
Cooldown lowered from 11/9/7/5/3 to 7/6/5/4/3
Taliyah
Threaded Volley (Q)
Worked ground duration lowered from 120 seconds to 80 seconds
Mana cost lowered from 60/70/80/90/100 to 45/55/65/75/85
Cooldown lowered from 11/9/7/5/3 to 7/6/5/4/3

Taliyah
Threaded Volley (Q)
Worked ground duration lowered from 120 seconds to 80 seconds
Mana cost lowered from 60/70/80/90/100 to 45/55/65/75/85
Cooldown lowered from 11/9/7/5/3 to 7/6/5/4/3
Taliyah
Threaded Volley (Q)
Worked ground duration lowered from 120 seconds to 80 seconds
Mana cost lowered from 60/70/80/90/100 to 45/55/65/75/85
Cooldown lowered from 11/9/7/5/3 to 7/6/5/4/3
Your carrying capacity (including maximum load and maximum lift) is doubled 
what does this mean?
it's about eric?
ayyy
b o r e u t o 
m o r e  l i k e
b o r u t o
uh
nice
"dear family, and beloved friends 
i will seek my own sun now" last 2 lines
actually the lyrics are just "im emo i'm gonna kill myslef"
the lyrics aint all that soulslike
but uh
it could be a souls refrence
song did get put on yt in 2014
kms
environmentalist weebs
white bear
holup
also thats a weeb name and it means
like 75%
you know how many people who make music are fucking weird?
of fucking course theres a song named that
wtf
i think I went to sleep at like 4:30 pm
“I’m a loser! Please be my friend!”
“I’m a loser! Please be my friend!”
that’s like saying
“i guess non of you wanna stay in contact only 3 ppl asked for my number.”
also what the fuck is that absolute cancer shit?
fits theme better than you get one free spell sometimes
nah i like it
is he also a bitch?
never used facebook and instagram in the first place
don't know what ur talkin about
that dude at riot would be a true homie
yup
no homo
if two dudes tried to eat eachothther out it wouldn’t be all that cool
and women can just eat eachother out and its cool 
thats why men have to say no homo all the time
men are gay
traps are gay
penises are gay
traps have penises
thats the right response 
lul
did you take cletus’s emissions into your mouth?
sounds good though
idk what to play tbh
and i wasnt going to uber
no it takes an hour for me to get there
they fucked up there
i would buy the eve skin if it looked more like the video, with everything black save for the glasses
the scene with akali and evelyn in the train is so fucking good
for the video part alone
this kda music video is fucking fantastic
i apologize
eric
also
yikers
im gonna FUCK UP YOUR GAY FACE
mILO 1v1 me you BiTcH
same
yuh
aint gonna do it now cause i gotta b at work at 8
damb
aw man i forgot to hit you up to test out that deck of yours
at least goku sounds like a human being in english
that was goku in weeaboo language
he sounds like a rat
not with that voice
no
and uh
fucking gnome memes
yeah who cares who do i have to fuck to get a federal nigger killing license
where
seriously
he just turns into a ball and knocks the enemy team around so nobody can aim
yeah but he never uses it
the hamster?
wasnt the last character a melee focused dps tank?
wheres that no homo, maaaan?
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Good guess
What's your name?
ok skype is pretty retarded
My pleasure!
No problem, enjoy!
You are welcome
That's correct.
i heard ult as w
im retarded
oh wait nvm
literally a blank space for an ult
no ult
Well I am not
i aint reading no horus heresy 
lmao
will do tho
at work
(tongueout)
dude’s an animal
i bet milo’s already lost
he can’t even grasp the sticks correctly
its true
suk my balls, but dont make me nut please
fantano gave my daughters horror core album a 10
there you go
I am telling you
no
quad gay
no they arent
right now
im gonna use them today
all 3
they’re mine
i got them
nope
i just got 3 from copy paste
unless theyre also high
being high doesn’t help with women for the most part
yall negus coulda met my boy jonah
so is eric
and
im close af
you should have said u were at usc
its true
release the jism
praise slaanesh
i don’t lose
but this is primarily a group of dumbfucks anyway
no nut november is dumb as fuck
that said you’re not wrong
just dont bust
you can fuck
offer him free tacos so he’ll come in again and draw in customers
gotta message him somewhere
like bools
they rode in on scooters
and i only realized after he left
fucking sam riegel from critical role
fuck me it was him
lul
whats the reward for completing destroy dick december?
Inconceivable!
i think sam riegel just came into my bar for tacos
ok
thats it
thats it
to one another
once you’re challenged both parties give losing scenarios 
eric are you retarded?
wait
goddammit
if he fails he has to play absolver 
i challenge eric
oh shit
i’ll no nut with you
nah im jokin
and destroy dick december
im doing destroy dick november
weak?
just watch me
imma nut at work rn
so i can nut faster
suck my balls 
i wanna bust
im not doing no nut november
wtf
oh it was definitely the standing at the street corner and staring
Indeed it was
good times
a lot of little kids hiding behind their parents
so far i’ve gotten 60% weird stares 30% oh shit’s and 10% that’s sick, bro’s
pics or its fake
time to go fuck up some kids
it really do be like that sometimes 
shit man
and everything else has shitty features
but youtube is big gay
ikr
also if not spotify, then what? soundcloud? (soundcloud is the only other answer. say yes)
which is a very good game btw yall should try it and leave a thumbs up on steam xd
why do you think i haven’t stopped talking about absolver?
i aint ashamed of the shit i like
i spam my music specifically because i know people will hate it
cause u bois are too pusi
guaranteed 0/11 of you will listen to these spooks
some spook tunes for halloween
was hard as fuck back then cause my hands were tiny
wait that cartoon network game was the shit
get fucking ready fuckers
oh god this one's gonna be depressing
darker
except
yea
pretty sure it's a sequel to undertale
it's free
aren't you guys happy i know about this shit
new toby fox game just came out
we're a bad team cause despite the fact that we don't vehemently hate eachother, we all vehemently hate eachother and would rather int than win
oh yeah mister krabs
oh yeah
mister krabs
lmao
its just that some people are more garbage than others
pretty sure everyones garbage save for challenger
lmao
oof
you just wanted to beat francisco?
lmao?
so because it’s difficult, if the enemy isnt in the right spot, you can start a corner combo?
ic
thats a backwards n
man rite aids hiring real degenerates these days
you dont get to corner combo?
weird
one hit kills in corner is
oh forgot about sparking
i see
naw i mean moves dont do enough damage
time to kill is too long, too imo
defense is complete cancer
dragonball is stylish as hell and very flashy and cool, but only on offense. 
yea
most fighters punish button mashing hard
and it doesn’t punish button mashing. also gay
which is gay
but dragonball only has like block and dodge for defense
it’ll make your reactions better
mechanics are different
maybe?
hmm
which are available to everyone
nobody complains about styles. they complain about powers and the circle dash
if you can land your style you win
either way, the style tiers don’t matter tbh
i get back in 20 mins then 15 mins to walk dogs
okok
yuh
yeah
but khalt’s getting buffed
its now windfall/stagger &gt; forsaken/faejin &gt; khalt
thats pre update
Yep
thats retarded, nobody refers to it like that
wtf
wot?
?
ori in rivals is pretty dope
cough no tiers in absolver cough
cough no tiers in absolver cough
cough since everyone has access to every move cough
that isnt dogshit
not like theres a fighting game out there like that
buuut
in a perfect game there wouldn’t be tiers
i mean
lmao
just nerf bayonetta into the ground and the game would be good imo
l m a o
he should have tbh
the state it was left in is atrocious
Cause sakurai is shit at balancing 
just not as good
it’ll be good dont get me wrong
o o f
and cause nobody will know
probably cause i know it won’t be as good as absolver
idk why im not hyped for smash ultimate 
she did look like an idiot talking to herself
someones streaming herself doing shots at my bar
dont get me wrong, kinda gay is great in comparison to most of the dogshit out there, but its not the new devilman so
story is kinda gay though
castlevania has good animation 
Huzzah!
I concur.
yea it works in real life
oh
and yea you can drift in red dead 2 and its fantastic
the groh player sucks fucking monster cock
i saw that video
which artist?
black klansman was pretty alright though
and yeah spike lee is a nigger
youd only be big gay if you fucked 2+guys at the same time
no you’d be regular gay
and that 10 guy shit only applies in high school
idk, if a man sleeps with 10 dudes i’d call him big gay
apologies 
im the only one who does
i admitted to it
yes
would be rough 
not that she’d be super upset, but that she’d exist 
yes
and deal with my aunt
im not about to make you guys come to k town
yea thats a pretty smart fear
thatd also work
oof yea
for shrooms
honestly it’d probably be safer to just chill in a locked room
is he good?
lmao
KKona
nowhere, most likely
logically where could we go.
yea
wholeheartedly 
i understand that sentiment 
what food you fiending for?
yo miles
thats acid hands down
not the most cost efficient tho
best drug imo
at some point
you should
no
yuh
impossible to enjoy
yea but santa cruz is a 4 and a half hour drive for me
i gotta work thurs morning
nigga im talking about shit thats possible
thatd be dank
tbh i want parsa to say yes
can i get a yea or a nay on shooms?
anyway we hangin out for halloween or nah?
the most apt response would be to slap her
what culture does he appropriate?
thats the dumbest shit ive ever heard
fuck brock cause he culturally appropriates???
wait what
holy shit
yea
yea he would
if i didnt raise my kid?
can’t have that
but then my kid would end up being a nigga
lmao
same
that’d be real bad
now
now
if i had a black kid
yea good point
itd cause problems with the current persona i use in this chat
if i had a gay kid
kms
*anymore
*wont
i wouldnt stick my dick in some low tier thot
that said
yeah exactly 
and if it’s not i’d kill myself
or i’d hang out with it and see if its cool
i’d black pill the thing
oh im free then
18 years later?
oh wait
shoot it
That hard
when your thot has a baby that you know isnt yours and she’s talking the good shit, and you must destroy her.
no harder
knock yourself out
no holding back
really hard
no just.
👌
so it stops
punch it
i’ll bring my gas mask and heater
lmao
id buy
i’d help buy
me neither but it sounds hype
you wont be having school on thurs
if we do shrooms for halloween 
cause
milo do you have school on thurs?
that one was completely my fault
sorr
w h o o p s
consoles are gay unless they’re in your own room
if not idk.
if it does you should get it
red dead might come to pc
james is a cuck
how the fuck you gonna make the only two options brock and james
 we doin shrooms for halloween?
what are us boys doing for halloween
suck dick and die
pc to shit to run
unlike another really good game that i often mention
and its popular so you faglords might play it
red dead 2 is rly fucking good
already got it
lmao
WHEN WE DOIN SHROOMS NIGGAS?
just got to series
oof
silver games are easy
no
yes
nearly outta silbur, boys
nearly outta silbur, boys
3 more games
lmfao
its not that loud so u gotta crank that volume up
how about some sadboi music for parsa
oof
especially that what are those girl
and everyone who worked on it should be executed 
and i think all the copies should be burned
black panther was a 1/10 movie
and i’d say its pretty dank
theres one already done for kindred
so stfu and kill yourself eric
theres a read receipt on my message for him
eric
except
full homo
also diego we love ya man
i just had the best thresh game i'll have in a long time, so might as well put that shit away
in an expression of never seen before wisdom, mars speaks stops playing league for the day
is he freaking out again?
yup
compared to american bikes?
jap bikes sound gay tho
but nah. you can control that shit
cause bikes are just loud
i had always assumed it was just bikes being loud
or the rider is a dumbass
well now you know that its either intentional 
did this shit just send wtf
i only bring this up cause some retard just drove past my window with his bike sounding like D-day
which means you’re either an asshole or a fuckin idiot
because if you’re revving you’re engine super loud on a bike in a residential area it means you’re either driving way too fast, or your’re driving in too low a gear and tugging the everloving shit out of your throttle
learning to ride a motorcycle has only made me hate people who ride really loud even more
so
it kills me that i live in a society where cardi fucking b is more popular than noname
i havent heard mary jane love, that songs fuckin lit
okay
oh
don’t remember where tho
actually i’ve seen this one before
lul
whos this?
telefone was a fucking amazing album
yea
imo she’s the only female rapper who can rap well
i always forget to mention her to you
yall niggas ever heard of noname?
ay
were just tryna look out man
so she doesn't file one against you
if she doesn't tell you she's on her period then you drop all contact with her immediately and preemptively file a rape claim against her with your college
get her tested
oh god yeah
still think about that one
in front of an old asian ladyh
yeah
hahaha
ofc i hate them
by existing
well niggers damage my reputation
do you say that like echo?
ekow?
and that theres very little difference between a nigga and a nigga with cerebral palsy
i like that that just looks like a regular nigger
also the blue suede shoes
that's what he did
he fixed his hair
nice
just your opinion
no pictures
rate heather/10
there are nuances to catching coochie
is that game still active?
pokemen go?
or not letting her ride you at all
or not letting her ride you in a moving car
not fucking in a moving car
like
i feel like there's ways you could at least try to prevent that
rip
uh
jett u gonna take that?
that's a roast
oof
feels bad
i haven't talked to jett for a month
jett how you doin man?
oh shit jett's watchin the conversation
it's cause they live so close to all the hentai
asian girls are fuckin weird man
so you don't dirty your dick
just punch her in the pelvis without fucking her
better yet
get it over with.
just fist her and punch her in the cervix
that's fucking rood
lmfao
and that aint me bro
cause that shits a little gay
though im gonna have to offer a prayer of no homo before listening
but the audio for evidence
not yourself obviously
i'd give you 5 bucks to do it, and record it
lmao
more like hua
like one syllable fast
i read it faster tho
oo oo hooa
anything?
i don't think it was
F
i still like hooa
a little too human
i give it a 8/10
cha that's a new one
the old bang bang boom boom ook ook ya ook?
just to watch
that fucking hurt my dick
F
and go from there
all i want to do is tie a bitch up when i fuck her
lmao
we did
cause you have access to both the ass and the tiddy
regular cowgirl's better
ew what the fuck
missionary gay tho
im not a sex god i haven't tried all the positions
dude idk
you would
wiping shit on a girl's forhead doesn't get my rocks off
im not a sadist
jesus no
im not a sadist
jesus no
you wouldn't fuck them with a 20 foot pole
dude black chicks smell like fucking monkeys
im okay with anything that isn't fat, black, mexican or some combination of those three
i've had the traps are gay conversation too many times to not understand
with a feminine penis
he's gotta be feminine
michael does care about looks.
well
don't spam you fucking cocksleeve
id fuck jojo if jojo was kit harrington
LMAO
i think the people you're talking about specifically are closeted gay degenerates
i don't think those closeted gay men don't care about looks
and they want some nice abs to grip while they pound away
the tops are gay too
yes
that's straight guys
they're little women men
yeah they are
because that's literally what attractiveness is for
yeah but as an ugly gay dude, you will get a lot less fuck than you will as an attractive gay dude
FAIR ENOUGH
michael?
source on that?
*chicks
because i don't want to fuck black chick
nope
and eric
being attractive as a gay man only reaaally matters if you're going to be an actor in something, or if you're looking to fuck some guys
it doesn't even matter if you're a gay dude
well no
yes
we've said this 20 times
for men
they don't matter
eric you're confusing me, are you straight or are you gay?
michael
no not u
and then lied
so he was talking shit about both of us
it's geared toward the success of younger women and older men
the world is cruel
men have one less avenue to attract viewers when compared to women
looks aren't important when concerning men
^^^
[1540520894] Michael Bateman-Shirley: jesus fighting over semantics doesn't mean you win the argument

&lt;&lt;&lt; u talkin shit bout me?
sneaky's thicc
its true
lul
heres the thing if he went out and talked to bitches and didn't act like a nerd or a cuck he could fuck the whole world
in his lifetime
i doubt he'll ever get as many followers as poki
nah he's attractive
the yes sent late
not if im not arguing about it
*no
yes
that was the beginning of the conversation
it wasn't an argument though
david you're being stupid
and it wasn't an argument at that point
it wasn't an example
attractiveness trumps all in lower skill ratings
its true
i think we were arguing the same thing the whole time
nvm you're right milo
ok hold up
well clearly you didn't read the whole thing
*incorrect
i think that's incorrec
the whole thing started because milo said it was hard for women to be streamers
that was before it was an argument too
wtf
can i not just state my fuckin opnion?
because i was just stating something
that was never the point
no that wasn't the point either
jesus
its a specific example of a streamer who i don't like with a lot of makeup
it's not an example of a streamer who wears a lot of makeup
to understand
what the fuck is so hard about that
that's why i mentioned it
cause i think she looks worse with makeup
yes
yes
and i think she looks worse for it
she does
there's a separation there
if i was using lily as an example of twitch bitches who wear lots of makeup, i would have said, "all the twitch bitches, like lily."
yes
5-20
ok but how many viewers do most men have?
because milo is correct about the tier list
no you wouldn't
much fewer
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^66
than it is as a man
and that it's much easier to become popular on twitch as a woman
im just saying that you don't have to be as good
because im not saying that you can be gutter trash and get millions of viewers
i don't see what you're trying to defend
i wasnt using her as an example
she’d have even less
but if she was milo
definitely not
i personally dont think it’s necessary 
in the service industry 100% do
depends on the job
true david
not
thats
plenty go outside without makeup
mars and a roomfull of retard niggers?
whats the dynamic?
or like 85%
since the viewership is 90% dudes
*matter
it wouldnt mayter
no you could be attractive
that was my point
streaming is easier for women
yes
and milo would get none
poki would get all the followers
at the same skill level as poki
if milo were to stream
but get this
just fuck her organs so she doesnt get preggo
this mans a safe sex champion 
you’re gonna fuck her belly button?
and her hands
and her mouth
dibs on her ass
lmao
and kaylahm is god tier at absolver and i can still whoop her ass
bad
nope
nvm all women suck at videogames
world shook
wtf
remi was trans?
im not sayin poke’s bad
she was fucking awesome
whats her name? the female thresh player in esports a while back?
look at uh
its not like they’re comedians. they’re streamers playing videogames
and they dont try to get good
well they dont try to be funny
anne hathaway looks like an alien tho
trying to get a following as a female without pandering, on twitch which is a platform full of bitches who pander will be impossible because of the competition
there isnt a reasonable alternative because the method they use is unreasonably easy and is unreasonably effective
but just correlation doesn’t equal causality in this case
yes because they’re all doing the same shit
not hard as a female
its hard in general
but she wanted the donations of thirsty retard teens so thats what she gets
but she wanted the donations of thirsty retard teens so thats what she gets
then she wouldn’t have built the expectation of her always wearing makeup and looking like a model
but she shouldn’t have done it in the first place
i know
same with lily and all the other twitch bitches
but i specifically dont like how she looks because she wears too much makeup 
yeah
like an actual human being
she looks better without
before and after
only if we say a quick no homo
uhhhhhhh
uh
i respect those devil spawn thots
ah you right, my apologies.
saw that
*pewds hates women
i like a guy who knows how to dice an onyon
magic man is the shit
b r u h
my argument still stands
which is the edgiest, fucking balls to the wall character in that game
and the tekken character they have is yoshimitsu
@david, kuma's not in soul calibur
ITS 1:54 WHO THE FUCKING SHIT IS YOUR FAVORITE CHARACTER
yea
and eve can stop beating around the bush and shove the large rod up her ass
so graves can have his cigar
ban everyone under 17
we gotta ban kids
i forgot kids can play league
oh my god
wtf is that?
exactly 
yes
riot gives me better teams in the morning
both
and from like 9am until 3pm i can win every game
anyway it became very clear to me that i just can’t win league games past like 6pm
yeh imma just stick with absolver 
except a character creator
it has everything you could want
and a retarded cyborg 
and a guy with a jaguar head
you can fight as a bear
cause in tekken
id rather get tekken
soul caliber reminds me too much of those devil may cry edgy fighting games
i don’t think i’d pay more than 20 for it
it sounds alright 
i c
for clarity 
and it shows what moveset you’re using, right?
you don’t get to make the moveset tho do you?
just so you can flush the disk down the toilet
if you cant i’d say buy it
if you can play custom characters online then SC is good
nothing, that little shit’s dead lul
what did xxx get for christmas?
yea post-mortem re-sentencing lol
sorry, was
proof enough that x is a cunt
here we go
ayy
nvm soul caliber is the best fighting game
good chat
and invariably, the first thing i always think is: “what the fuck.”
and once between 6 and 8 pm
once in the morning
i always come check on this group chat like
exactly
lets say you’re fucking bowserette in the ass, but you’re  a real motherfucker, so you decide want her to suck you off now. So you pull your dick out, take one careless step toward her face and bam. Spike in your dick.
okay.
you never know whats gonna happen next
shit gets crazy
yea but man
im not into getting my dick pierced 
its shell also has spikes
but memes dead man
had you asked that 3 weeks ago maybe 
lmfao
"sand a da beach"
jonathan gay
joseph is the real jojo
jonathan’s the shitty jojo
say jonathan joestar?
did you
yup
amy’s dick is massive
i was being serious
yuh
which is why she’s funny
amy has a big pp
women have a hard time being funny because they have small pp
amy schumer?
wo skype who?
Yes there is
key and peele are fucking comedic geniuses
wtf
A b S o L v E r R r R r
you could be playing
why play edge simulator soul caliber
if you wanna play an online fighting game where you get to make your character
this is a good title
fucking retarded
and my hand never touched it
phone button up there
idk how that happens
wtf was that
i didnt even try to call group
cause drake is a fake ass nigga
drake should be paid none of his money
Absolver is an online multiplayer combat game where players are placed behind the mask of a Prospect under control of the Guides, the new rulers of the fallen Adal Empire, who will determine your worth in joining their elite corps of Absolvers.
and it got fucked up
i was changing it right as you changed it
Fuck
wow
succ baker
no how
no way
pretty sure you're fine actually
as long as you don't nut
11/10
why are we still here
lets play some fucking duck game
wtf
guys
skype the homie
haha
in a heartbeat 
id nuke the libtards
that nasty ass ww costume
what the fuck
bruh
im rakuking him
no rakuck
that's a gross word
ew
yeah but that's not autismo
wtf
they call it the beyblade
holy shit
i was thinking that's fucking retarded
that's fine
oh
there are a lot of ways you can just get around it 
before second stun
unless you dash to a minion
gay
yeah
movespeed?
wait why?
fair
but nobody plays asol but asol mains
i guess
for it
did they provide a reasoning?
52 hp nerf
why'd they do that?
oof
lol
would kill dualtwin again
because i kill you guys in videogames it means i'd kill you in real life.
oof
6 year olds?
just now was miles and michael
oh that first one was a while ago
i got 2 calls randomly 
thats some bullshit
i didn’t call group
miles then michael
not me
name your thot hippothotamus.
and the akali one, fuck it
except maybe the ahri one
all those new kpop skins suck dick too lol
that shits fire
and i haven’t watched the second episode of goblin slayer, but need to
league gay
also
that janna skin is just a witch mercy clone and everyone knows
flex lul
l m a o
hindu mythology is the most metal fucking shit
indian aint weebish
they're fuckin indian bhuddist
apparently they're called khakkhara
what are those called
that shits fucked
but naw i'd still probably say a quarterstaff with like rings would probably be the best martial weapon
rip
wtf
did i just say mf when
mf when halo made me a kukri knife fanboy
oh yeah
well then i guess your safe
oh
are fucking brutal
cause spiked knuckle dusters
that's a rough one
idk
hmmm
oh
thats cause they're op
yeah but
idk if you can beat that
except two shields
i'd say beat most blunt force weapons
spears/pikes tho
but you could always grab a longer stick
well yeah
and the sword boy cant touch you
quarterstaff wins just because you can fucking thrust it 10 feet
like a sword vs a quarterstaff
and thus are better
batons have more reach
don't waste effort
taze him
he was hard resisting
*pissed
they're not assholes, they're just fuckin pissee
no the cops are just tryna protect the public from a madlad with an ar15 at the street corner and everyone's fucking yelling at them for no reason
and gets tazed cause he interfered with police business
steps in trying to be a public hero
some fuckin idiot with no business being there
but that's how it usually goes in these situations
that shit's fuckin hilarious
maybe he's not all meat under that sweater
you never know
lmao
hehexd
oh
he looks like a fuckin terrorist
he's just loitering
just standing at a street corner
and he's like
doesn't mean you should just walk around with that shit just strapped across your fucking whale blubber
and just because there isn't a law against it
i just looked it up
also wtf is a long gun?
that's an ar
bruh thats not a fuckin handgun
and he didn't present one when asked
it sounds like he doesn't have an open carry license
before i watch that
im gonna argue that the firework video is better
change my mind
that kid in white is a national fucking hero
this one
kid who kicked a soccerball into the same kid's face twice
that ones almost as good as the fucking
your brain is a spook
what the fucking shit
milo hit the pizza
And what happened?
.
.
.
what the fucking shit nigga?
...
[1539646086] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: thats what i said

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
thats what i said
oof
thats what i said
[1539629274] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: oof

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
oof
hell yeah it would
we goin for kbbq with the boys or smth?
scum
nigga scum lookin like
i’ll stop when i want to stop
im not gonna stop until the game dies
i wrote it so you’d see it
ofc you saw it
you might as well get absolver, cause at least that game has good mechanics.
absolver
thats less of a game than abdolver is my dude
scum?
michael u fucking added 73 bots
eric fix this
this is cancer
Horoscope Leo
Horoscope Leo
you're a fucking retard.
wtf
uhhhhh
uhh
LEAVE
Cant.
You.
lmfao
this fucking guy have adamantine lungs or something?
31 fucking grams?
(morningafter)
n i g g e r
a dumpster fire of an emote
its like
*smirk
its the gay smirj
Yes you would
for the first 30 mins i stalled out at every other street corner
its like driving stick shift but with only your feet
guys motorcycle’s are hard to ride. 
I do not see it
ur moms beta
save ur money for fuckin cyberpunk 2077
fallout 76 gay
its not gonna be konosuba levels of memey. not worth imo
just a new location to kill goblins
every episode 
killing goblins in a field. killing goblins in a cave. killing goblins at the beach. killing goblins in a mine. killing goblins saving a waifu. killing goblins on an airplane
killing goblins?
just
thats it
wtf
already gone
i pissed on some dudes car and tagged a fire alarm
you’ll never catch me though. i’ll be in and out of your hood before you can say “niggerfaggot”
im by usc, btw eric. had to go to the dmv near there to get my shit registered 
lmao
get dualtwin’d
lmao
but now im hungover and deaf
i been hungover all day
man
my ears are dead. idles killed them
OOF
MiLo hOwS ThAt cAmPaIgN CoMiNg?¿?
thats pretty dope
wtf lmao
*darkest
you mean darksouls darjest dungeon?
wait tf
quelaag is the meme waifu
QUELAAG BEST WAIFU FUCKIN GTFO WITH THAT PUSSY GWYNDOLYN SHIT
or aragorn
and his name is sauron
fucking christ
i wanna play the money hoarder again
campaign when guys
oof
yeet
im busy
so im downloading deceit
deceit gay
or better yet, not play league
good shit
yuh
lmfao
OH
actually it's a half day
that's a regular day
from 2-7 or 8
yea i'll be at work
oh lmfao
if i can get home by then maybe i can come
what time is it at
cool
im just asking who's going
he did invite me
who's going to kbbq with the boys?
this shit's fucking funny
nigga shit
no
and be pretty much entirely accurate
just call it "nigger shit"
you could also
yeh
is all
it feels a bit like whoring out my life story, and im not gonna do that
not in a group chat
i mean
idk. now that i'm out of it i don't really want to talk about it.
yeah
i love it
my life has been a series of lies
it was fucked man
nm
sup fuckers, wwhat's goin on
samo high?
burb be certain i will share the information 
holy fucking shit i cant type and process information at the sane time
i want to oof and have acess tp the roof
women are the devil but we gotta fuck then cause the devil is fuckin awesome
i wanna kms
and my mom and my sister’s mom are both gold digger whores
my dads a fucking gangster outta casa blanca im gonna fucking die
aaaaa
holy fucking shit
if i was a normie dickhead id be posting this shit on instagram, but i’m not. thank fuck
you got 5 mins
it’s a vote
my dad is a motherfucker, gimme a Y/N if you want the play-by-play when possible
oh god im hanging with my dad wasted out of my mind
tf i coulda come over
*downtown?
you were downtoen?
wait
Kappa
nice meme btw 
and will
i can
yes
Huzzah!
Woo!
23 hours till a nibba can legally drink himself into a spiral of rampant alcoholism
absolver's new update?
only if alexa plays despacito
no
well if you dont care about pve, the new update added bruce lee’s jeet kun do style and its the most bm motherfuckinf shit i’ve ever seem
being offended by proxy is bitch shit
digbo is a man among men
ill report u to the pc popos and you’ll get banned from usc
racist faggot
faggot
and new update added more pve
yea i do play the pc version
that deceit game looks like shit, yall niggas should just play absolver
hfs
i don't know, but that dance
i wasn't a huge fan of drones, it was\
but yea drones isn't, i forgot about that album
they're popular
that's how it tends to go with niche bands who dip into pop
that's an oofer
and float on is their most famous song isn't it.
heres some sadboi music to commemorate a shitty day at work
i bounced the vagina right out the front door yea
makes me wanna shout 1049 gotho
big fucking cancer
was cancer
tonight
oh fuck
i have been helped
i scrolled up and saw elon muskett
guys help im fuckin bouncing another party at my job
that's because it is the best opening.
do it or gay
cant save the gif on my phone, sadly
yea
seal slaps dude with an octopus. dude dies
nice
eric you’re taking game design classes this year?
44444
nice fucking meme
11/10
ez as that
LUL
oh my god its overwatch league
jesus fuck digbo
tbh idk of this means i overestimated underestimated modern rap
but a lot of them are good points
some of these guys i dont think have more than 10 songs
maybe
drake is has political songs, same with x
i just wanna hear more memey shit like brutalism
but the new idles album is very politically charged, and it sucks dick because i don’t want to listen to that crap
except i wouldnt listen to it anyway
this
but youre right, post isn’t political from what i’ve seen so far
my point is that modern rap is political and that makes it even more shitty than the lack of thought put into the writing 
liberal
didnt name a rapper yet so my point still stands
[1537755162] David Grothe: How is rap political?

&lt;&lt;&lt; name a rap artist who hasn’t made at least 10 songs that speak out about hardship in america as a person of color/low income/poor social standing.   I don’t know if it’s possible, at least rappers that arent memers. I can only think of Death Grips and they’re barely rap.
[1537755162] David Grothe: How is rap political?

&lt;&lt;&lt; name a rap artist who hasn’t made at least 10 songs that don’t out about hardship in america as a person of color/low income/poor social standing.   I don’t know if it’s possible, at least rappers that arent memers. I can only think of Death Grips and they’re barely rap.
[1537755162] David Grothe: How is rap political?

&lt;&lt;&lt; name a rap artist who hasn’t made at least 10 songs that don’t speak out about hardship in america as a person of color/low income/poor social standing.   I don’t know if it’s possible, at least rappers that arent memers. I can only think of Death Grips and they’re barely rap.
cause im a cucklord
im not home i was just wondering what sort of meme you meming here
meme of legends?
and it ALL SUCKS FAT ASS
rap.
you know what music these days is 90% political?
which song man
can we play chance the rapper?
if you come to my job sometime between 12:00 and 5:00 i’ll spot you a beer or something 
happy birthday you dirty nigger
I guess I do
I do not have one
What's your name?
.
its not on mine and im using it rn
tf
ye not worth
theres no auto response on desktop skype
dont
skype auto response 
What did they say?
then say someone broke in and insurance will cover it
aint hard
just use a stick and break the window
yep
lmfao
yes
you can but if you get demoted by either decay or losses you’re retarded
milo you may have the tism
lmao
jesu
in reference to that anime meme you sent
riot making stupid buffs again?
naw that boy straight as an arrow
yeah
straight men grunt and punch to get their points across
talking with words is gay
very gay
yes
no homo
i apologize for calling you faglords gay
but fuck it
FUCK NO TIATS GAY AS SHIT
as many times as i watched that gif
40
^
I know you know
and instinctively shouted NIGGER
I think you know
same meaning tbh
yuh lmao
i said nigger not nigga
yeah
which is an incredibly racist concept 
cause then you’re a race traitor
honestly hard r is weirder for black people to say than for white people
fpr black guy tp drop the hard r
still weird
ik
in front of this old asian lady
i tripped while walking up the stairs
you guys are a bad influence 
green homeboy
holy shit
parsa who the fuck got big member?
what role though, miles?
nutty legume
djfc
 PETITE BOUNCER
calm cilantro
kms
and didn't stop after the first 30 seconds
that's a fuckin new meme
"The spiral, and it stands for what?" someone in the crowd shouts hypnotizing. "Male fertility."
jett’s 18 now, nothing he’s said or done up to now counts
just thought that was mildly interesting 
jett
you got the same birthday as my little brother rocco
happy birth man
OH SHIT
oh shit
who’s birth is it?
[1536122613] Milo Amoore: no tiddy goth gfs all look like trannies

&lt;&lt;&lt; holy shit lmao
^ this man knows whats up.
its true too
yuh
almost as quality as this fuckin greentext story
it’s actually pretty quality
qt’s getting fuckin billboards 
i saw this shit like 2 blocks away from my house
nope
nice meme digbo
cause they only spam to hide shit
wtf milo and jett were hiding
i was wondering
also eric i can’t make it on friday
apparently you can
which
cyberpunk looks like the shit, esp if you can really put the arm blade things in and start killing everything
yea
if u black u black nah mean?
blacker is a thing
its not like
yuh
Yeah milo’s the rat
you’re all rats. I’m the only one here who’s not ratty.
skype knows
They did not
im getting royalties
fuck that
they’re adding me to fuckin dota?
what
fucking oof
fuckin stop changing the name fagbert
if you're aggro in souls it's the same pace as blood bourne
u reposted me lmao
i don't normally watch this shit
thin-boy, can't even lift his shield.
lmfao
also yea man that song is the shit
Lul anyone get the email about santa monica banning bird?
wholesome af
and
pretentious abd gay
mao or smth
the latter of those is like
cause 
or complexity for the sake of being complex?
is it complexity with like a reason?
well
and his traps
as michael
almost as gay
jayce gay
give it a 6-8 months and the price will drop to 40
thats like
nvm
wait its 70 bucks
a good amount of time investment for your buck
thats pretty alright
is it fun?
for how long tho?
jett clapp that shit go
lmfao wat
thats eric’s sister?
How so?
it was the first skype auto response
why does skype want you to pm me?
is anal rodeo supposed to be like anor londo or something?
fucking what?
Rip in pepperonis
a 6’5 850 lb dude btw
teddy’s like
he’s a pretty chill guy tho, he dont hate me all that much
my boss not being my dad, but the GM, Teddy Goldstein 
just depends on how much my boss hates me
and also tues and thurs sometimes
i work fri sat sun mon
otherwise i would
im not home yet
no
*that
fuck thay
but still
for the bar
kitchen closes at 12 technically 
we didnt
fuck no
like six customers tonight
to a place that closes at 10
who the fuck goes out to dinner at 11:59?
holy FUCK man
set him on fire first
tf
plz dont eat my azz
lmfao
you dont gotta play it, i was just hyped to tell my friends that this game that i enjoy is free to try for a limited time
and league is always free
they’re both free, its just one is free for two days
[1533252221] Miles O'Brien: its turn based you bleb

&lt;&lt;&lt; even worse lul
you can in dark souls tho
no, cause endless legend is an rts
and put it in their guy’s face?
can you take your guy’s foot
you cant beat the shit outta people in endless legend
endless legend gay
im busy rn but hmu later and i can give anyone who wants to try it an express course on how to fuck people up
free wknd on steam
you nibbers can try absolver for free rn
that guy got fucked lmfao
(tongueout)
blin beer
he raps like a bitch, but at least you could hear the words he was saying
they arent the worst actually i looked them up
wtf are these lyrics
lul biking
LOL
more like trader dead
trader joes?
nice
you were the number 11 taric
wait real
you FOOL
but i’d punch the cactus first
i’d kick the updog
thats like 10% cursed imo
check your phone i guess?
good shit my guy
lmao
that cat retarded
what? that wasn't even about mile's rap thing
i just lost a sizable amount of brain cells reading this
one single random ban until everyone is gone
LOL
Good title
naw man thots want it so they can make big money for all the really fucked up porn
i mean it's technically an injury, just the kind that some nasty thots want to have for some reason
"Booty on the outside" One of the more vulgar lyrics on this track, Ride could be referring to anal prolapse, an injury which can occur during rough anal sex where the bowel can come away from the walls of the rectum, causing it to prolapse out of the anus, leaving ‘the booty on the outside’ of the body, quite literally.Also known as rosebudding as it somewhat resembles a rose coming into bloom.
that's pretty scuffed science imo
then what does traps are gay stand for?
i c
lul
well what does lgbtqt3.14bbq stand for then?
lets get this bread
You asslicker
Kill yourself
good work man
you really out there tryna kill fortnite streamers
and sugma dick
yea
Naw that nibba got Bofa
isn't she like a prostitute now tho?
lmao
gay
better than anything involving traps
grey ww?
what’d you get from the capsule
fuckin crazy shit
there are like 50 cop cars at the trader joes down the street from my job cause theres an active shooter over there
yo
quite dank
oh i saw that shit
that's fucking hilarious
"don't kys"
is there a rank 420 that's higher than you?
that's fuckin dank
That movie is so fucking good man
idek magic
oh naw, im good
also jett i would have made a new account
whered you get those from?
apology accepted 
at least you fessed up tho
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
BETTER PIZZA
BETTER INGREDIENTS 
traps are fucking gay
agreed
Oh okay thanks
i hop be out here with them deals
^^^
oh shit boi
oh THANK god
fuck her passive, have you seen her ass? that shit’s actually broken
*tho
that splash art thi
but fuck all that shit
she needs good numbers
if their impact is good
bur bad abilities can be fun to use
yea
the new r sucks but the rest of the kit looks more fun
well done riot, good champ
holy SHIT this bich thicc
boys is it kvass o clock yet?
no i was specifically answering the question to be a fake nibba
yes
I do not either
why are you guys talking about forsen’s fat rolls?
well this isn't league
Papa John's shares fell nearly 5 percent Wednesday after the report, closing at $48.33
he's
it's no downward spiral
rather than actually putting anything of himself into his music, he's just being as loud and different as possible in order to get people to pay attention to him
kanye is getting better slowly, but like ehhh, coming from him it's like he's grasping at straws to stay relevant
Atrocity exhibition is the fuckin sickest album i've heard since tpab
drake doesn't do anything for his songs.
drake's worse than post malone
but drake's also trash
but death metal wasn't making him any money
and you don't need good lyrics for death metal, cause nobody can hear you anyway.
post malone's lyrics aren't great though because he used to be in a death metal band
he didn't make that beat
first, we've got a piece of hot fucking gold right off death grip's new album
i'll give you a comparison
they're literally the same words that every songwriter past the age of thirteen has written at some point
if you listen to the fuckin words that he's saying
here's the thing about post malone
this shit'll fuck you right up
it's heterosexual
get fuccd?
l m a o
lul rip
whats everyone doing for 4th of july
whats everyone doing for 4th of july
yeah it was the one at the google store
That
Hooray!
bruh
???
"what day of the week do you get paid on?" doesn't imply that anyone gets paid weekly
you will be missed milo
rip
aside from the mass of fucking people in my goddamn bar
nothings going on
i am
alright my duders
quite gay
yea
save for the fact that all my food is free and i could own the place in a couple years
and naw i normally work till 3:30 then have lunch/dinner and leave at 4:30
to 8:30
from 4
and tell people to fuck off
and they’re gonna pay me to stand at the door
tonight theres some big fuck off party
i do tomorrow 
*security guard
being a fuckin bodyguard for four hours
gonna be at work till 8
i cant come tomorrow 
milo
also
and i’ll int
will do
lul
im nearly there
fuck that nigga
then naw
if i were in the same room with him, and he didnt have a gun, or soldiers to shoot me with
why?
just because you said rip doesnt mean you’re a fan
im just saying cause milo said you liked him
idk
thats an actual self-made opinion on the matter.
thats reason enough for a rip
there we go.
if you like his shit then give him a rip
argument complete
boom
“i liked his shit”
well then why not say
no.
does x deserve it?
politeness and respect are for people who deserve it.
no
but would i say bless you to adolf hitler?
yea
it shouldnt be a thing you say
yeah. but that shit is stupid
im not pretending
that is whats important
nameless people dont matter
i didnt
i dont give a fuck who cared about him
*that
if thats what you mean say thar
thats not what the words mean
that means that your rest in peace has the same value as an “oh”
if you just say shit without any meaning then why say anything at all?
words have meanings to them
but i dont
you can
then sure
tupac level
if he was like
his music was pretty bad man
what did he contribute?
my point is that he isn’t a person who is deserving of a rest in peace. so don’t say it for him.
thats. not a point at all.
ofc it doesn’t matter to him. is that the point you were making?
so it is pretty relevant 
if you believe in souls you generally also believe that your actions in life have some consequence as to whatever happens to that soul
no?
except
and all that life and death shit
he believes in heaven and hell
that nigga is a christian
it depends on what you believe, or more what they believe
i wouldn’t
if he deserves to rest in peace he can have a rest in peace. if he deserves respect he can have respect
that’d be like, “too bad, he died too early.”
also no, saying rest in peace is not a basic respect
so where is squad meeting?
did you read all the charges and shit he had against him from the domestic abuse case?
he was a grade a cunt from day 1
fuck him
i can make 5:30
nvm
so i can prob make 5
also
im out of work and heading home
he was a bitch ass nigga
fuck x
lol
Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart fucking stabbed Milo Amoore to death.
same
wait
banned
what the fuxk
lul
Something like that
that BOI aaron
especially at 2am
locksmiths aint cheap either
o o f
felt like much longer
just an hour actually 
in flip flops
and had to sit outside my door for like an hour and a half
5 seconds too late
i realized what happened like
what the fuck
hell yea brother
they're adding the heal and removing the ms/as slow on monsters
its nutty
kindred is playable
ye
ur fuckin kidding me
$9.95 a month
oh sorry
AS MANY MOVIES AS YOU WANT FOR 15 fuckin bucks a month
MOVIE PASS THOUGH
i work till 4
you guys can go then
well
thats fair
ok
bvrugh
its worth even if you see one movie a month
if you dont get it you’re a fuckin retard at that point
of less than one single movie ticket
for the price
you can see a movie every day if you wanted
damn right, nothing
what are you doing this summer?
heres the thing
yea but
get that shit faggpt
for free
once
read that as you can see every movie
and you can essentially see unlimited movies
15 bucks a month
movie pass means you can see it for free no matter what time
you fuckin bools
lmao
yes
:|
i free all tomorrow
im potentially busy on monday
gay
oh wow
lets go
tomorrow
thats a good one
but fuck doom, my friend pablo is gonna be the hottest shit
cmon bruh
yikes skype
I do not want one
i’d tell him to fix his monkey ass face
so i can tell him to trim his fuckin beard
i wanna run into him on the street
oh dope
lul
thank god
thank gof
make that choice
that commercial script is incredible
holy shit
yep
parsa i think you'd like him
and he's a fuckign lunatic
the dude said he was over the series with smash 4
that sakurai picture looks incredibly apt
monkeys arent all that, tho i see them every day
he looks like he’ll split your head like a watermelon
but still, making him swole as fuck is dope
it wasnt less shitty before the change tho
yea
black and red is pretty shitty
bigass lizards?
wow
shit was gay anyway
fuck banner
jumong is a cock hero tho
wowee
battlerite?
like toeing the line just cause it's not racist so you can
b's are safe
if you use the b's you're not racist
b's aren't racist
oh my god that's the best name on league after BIG COIN
full on A+ tier im ready
my lambchop ass furry waifu is gonna be allll the way back
i fuckign saw that shit
boi
I saw it
dont fucking pop my bubble
fuck you
but seeing this shit made it worthwhile
i’ve been at work for nearly 8 hours with no break
BOOOOOOOOOOOOYYYYYYY
Kindred W

As a follow up to Kindred's 8.12 buffs we're also potentially returning the Heal on W for 8.13. Change is just going into testing now, so it's not a certain thing yet. Tentative plan is to remove the monster AS slow and replace it with a heal that scales with Kindred's missing health.

While we're working on the W already we're also hitting a couple of notable bugs with it. The first is that some of Wolf's visual effects aren't playing properly when he hits, making the skill less satisfying to use and a bit harder to follow. The second is that Wolf's Attack Speed isn't scaling properly with item purchases.
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
yO WaS tHaT a jOjO ReFeReNcE????
remember POISE?
lol
where every sword is the carthus curved sword?
so a souls like game
sounds like a mother fucking jam.
where the entire game is blighttown?
so a souls like game
that’d be my fuckin jam
someone make me a from soft game with Supergiant behind all the art design and shit
but i dont like the victorian aesthetic too much
then i like
at least up until the nasty fungus aliens start showing up
bloodbourne kinda gay
and each of those releases sold
s e v e n
they released skyrim 7 times
im just saying
and it leads into a remastering of dark souls 3
but its easy money
it was the worst
for little to no work, then why the fuck would you not do it
if you can get money
companies like money
then there’s a massive problem
cause if not, you’ll get a shitty ds2 remaster
and you need to show that to the company by telling them that they fucked up and not playing the game
than there’s a massive problem
which came out like 4 years ago
is worse than ds3
if the ds1 remaster
im putting the niggers in their place
yeah well the wrong people won
its fucking ass
the problem is that a remaster
of course its better
you fucking retards
are you comparing dark souls remastered to its pc release
why the fuck
ok
free mobis from your passive
jg taliyah sounds dank tho
you faggot
and you spam often
because milo spammed
in my name
for the sole purpose of being cancerous
cause jett called intentionally
and it's like 12
REEEEEE
but yea it looks cool
but i dont like turn based combat when its not positioning based :/
a 2d legend of grimrock
the combat is like
it does look sick
rly?
darkest dungeon?
you are?
BASED BONE BOI
SHOVEL SKELETON 
(clap)
MICHAEL YOU FAGGOT REEEEEE
i apologize again
:/
i apologize
kill all white people! black lives matter!
We can not
fuck man
suck dick
that's what jett's about to type
WE're blowing up chat with this shit tho
the story was better when he was fucking felurian and he'd forgot all about the other ho
but yeah the fact that he's always fuckin looking for the bitch is creepy
it was "coincidence"
i mean he didn't stalk her
wouldn't it?
it's an unreliable narrator
he's only been studying arcana for like a year and a half by that time
but they're masters cause they've been at it for a while
but that's explained
which is why i don't mind him being like ridiculously strong in just about every other aspect of his character
he was the baron's best friend
but i don't mind him being a social retard
it's actually surprisingly good
if you're building the same shit every game you're fuckin doing it wrong
there really isn't a right way to build kindred though
i know it's overkill, but i'm a thundercuck that likes to auto people at blue from the river
idk i don't like not building rfc because having less than 725 range at 20 mins is cancer
that's pretty nice
or it didn't work
and last time i checked, the hurricane range didn't scale with her range scaling
she doesn't have any innate on hits
bork isn't bad
you don't do onhit
fucking get rid of the apostrophe on kindred's?
maybe phantom dancer or rfc but not hurricane
nobody builds warrior bork hurricane
bruh
hold the fucking phone
and instead go like, Warrior, stormrazor, BC, and whatever else
so she can afford to build less attack speed and crit
and they buffed her as scaling
reverted nerfs are good
its fine
league is alright
kindred sucks
no
bless up riot games
HOLY SHIT THOSE KINDRED BUFFS ON PBE
streaky
its the month old banger from the new death grips album
STREAKY ON THE OUTSIDE 
holy fuck
fixed it
the fuckin dark souls fiends
who do you think is doing it?
My thoughts exactly.
boys?
it's pretty true
they're supposed to be like
also, yes it's weird that you recognize them
i woulda done it if he coulda given me what i wanted :(
i mean i didn't back out as much as the demon was unable to complete his end of the deal
you're heading there
what the fuck
this one's pretty good
(laugh)
you'll get hit by the full force of that gay shit
it wont miss if you stay
milo get the fuck outta that gay shit
yep
gayla
more like
gala?
dont ever call me a veo again
o o f
whatd you cut yourself on?
and he's still shit
i don't, then
wtf
in pre game?
i cant troll randos anymore?
wait
we’re in this shit together
i got u bro
look at me and try to ignore them
ok ya boi is finally setting off
before i can leave
gimme like another 30 mins
yet
im not
except
I am coming now
ty diego
lettin me know if you decide to go down to the beach or smthin
would you bools do me the honor of
ay since im gonna finna be late
lmfao
yo happy birthday jett
without at least a twenty word explanation
im not touching that
eric you’re gay
team only likes popular games feelsbadman
Diabetes
yes
i'll probably try it sometime
that's a much more expensive pastime than wow is
roll20 best videogame
nobody will get burnt out trust
and cycle through em daily
each make a campaign
or we could
yeah for sure
thats for fucking sure
itd have a lot of players
what the fuck
they the sakura guys
arent
literally not a remastering at all
dark souls remastered is
mb
cause i didnt say that i meant wow
yea it looks like that
i meant wow
oh
tf2 lmfao
my computer can probably rub that shit just finr too
tbh
id be down
gay
dont get me wrong
if wow wasnt subscription based i’d be on it
which is so lame
and thats really the only game we fuckin play together
yeah
in league, the only way you can really quantify your individual skill at the game is through ranked
which is especially easy to do when you go up against the same couple veterans once a week or so
i enjoy seeing myself improve at the game
so you cant justify just trying it out
sadly its not free to play
you probably wouldnt like it then
it depends on what you expect the game to be about
if you had that matchmaking you wouldnt get matches
but the playerbase is small
which is why the devs are making a ranked mode
and 5 of them are single player
i only see you play like 7
which games?
especially the older people
literally anyone in the game will fuckin help you get better
or ask questions after a match
all you gotta do is not be a bitch
they’re bitches
yes
feint the dude out and win a round
when you see someone who’s played for a while, you set smaller goals
but theres a level display at the start of every match that shows how much time someone’s invested into the game
then ofc you’re not gonna have fun
if your goal is to win against someone who’s dismond
only if the game is about winning or losing
i mean
because the core gameplay is fun as fuck
learn from your mistakes
you can play better
its not out of your control
thats very different
are you saying you’re too much of a pussy to lose?
because there arent teams
if league had a 1v1 mode where you could match up against anyone
except its more like
but its an 8 person team
they’re currently making a ranked gamemode
why?
i get matches in less than two seconds oftentimes
or newbies
you match against the really good people
there isnt ranked matchmaking
where everybody who’s stayed is super skillful to the point that it oftentimes drives shitters who are too pussy to get better off
literally the opposite case here
thats
so obviously he grew a conscience and switched back
it was asol
did you look at that loading screen
cause i like milo more than i like those hundred people
i dont give credence to the opinions of a hundred people over, say, milo
i figure one person is more convincing when you know the person
its not hard
i mean i could link you the reddit
thats called selling something
to get you interested
if i want to get you to play it i literally do have to jack it off
? what do you mean dont go jacking it off
even though its dogshit
if that were the case call of duty would be a masterpiece
player base doesnt make a game good
this is why im spreading the word
^
you guys keep playing your shitty games
but w/e
rather than just maining a character or three
and those same people are constantly changing their movesets out of a shit ton of possibilities
especially since its not a standard character fighter
and naw it doesnt get old
ew
and not like an mmo that needs a huge playerbase
since its a 1v1 pvp fighting game
either way its not all that noticable
i see
that shit was gay as fuck
ye man
after atmosphir may it rest in peace
its also got the second best community i’ve seen in a fuckin videogame.
by fuckin miles
better than league
that was true like a few months ago maybe
where are those facts coming from?
at least to learn
easier game than dbz
js
still on sale
absolver is
oof
drake's closet gay
and i don't wanna play league cause they killed kindred
that's fucking awesome
thats so lame
why not wood
and yeah miles you're a fucking nigger
the down point is a grave enough offense without this bullshit added meaning
but thats literally what is
i doubt it works
lmao
the equivalent of steroids for esports???
isnt this like
how the fuck old is your family bruh?
the glasses are so sick, that the devil’ll be like bruh get the fuck outta here, and then i’ll just leave
they’ll probably get me shot and robbed if i wear em in my neighborhood
these shits are gonna carry me to hell and back
ikr
finally found the replacement for my nice ass sunglasses
i fuckin
alright
“do that”
or send them a picture and say
so if you wanted a specific space marine im sure you could just design one with them
my problem is i hate just about everything’s clothing options, cause nobody does cloaks like this one
and they 3d print it
you design it yourself
its custom
its gonna happen
also
you’ve fallen too far
milo fuck you
i will have that statuette
im still looking for a website that does custom miniatures
lul
e a o
from worst to best it goes as follows
o is better than both of those
but like ye
i’ll be a bit late cause i get off work at 5:30 and it takes a long time to get around
i actually think i’ll be able to make that
it's fuckin gay
they're good usually
it's not a quote when you play him
but i see where you're coming from
he's got a quote that says "it's troll time" and he's trundle "the troll king"
that's called
that's a fucking hilarious image
especially when it's over six people whinging about the same thing at the same time
especially when it's over six people whinging about the same thing at the same times
cause i don't want to listen to people whinge
like if they're standing in front of a doorway or something that's when it's too far
that's completely fine
i don't mind silent protests, or like small ones
that wouldn't work in america
that's definitely pretty heavy handed
don't halve my lp gains just cause im toxic
plz don't ban me rito
i don't want to lose points over flaming
so i'm good
i don't talk shit online in forums or anything
then i wouldn't have many points
why don't we just have that
wait that's fucking perfect
cause he's doing some good shit
HOLY FUCK that's so sick
what's that shit?
it's so incredibly gay
and i don't want to put any facet of my life in their hands.
well that's the actual issue
i don't see a problem with having a lot of land and no neighbors
that's why votes should be weighted
if i had a quote book that'd be in it
[5/19/2018 10:01:47 PM] The most wrong you could possibly be: even a broken clock is right twice a day&lt;&lt;&lt;
except normally it's supposed to be about promoting yourself
leftists make baseless claims and repeat them until the news thinks it's true
that's why i said nearly tho
i mean they're all retarded
hard right wingers are nearly as retarded as hard leftists
that's fucking hilarious
i haven't heard that shit
nobody realizes how good we've already got it
they've got fish and chips
so they don't count
but here's the thing
and i'll repeat
there's a coastline in nigeria
(puke)
(puke)
lamb is like the one land animal that i'll eat sweet
they're too poor
and niggers wouldn't know
but like i don't know anyone who isn't like
i'm sure it's passable to like most people
that's a fucking abomination
chicken can't go alone though
it's harder to go wrong with things like beef or chicken though
depends on where it's from and how fresh it is
i don't
i guess i don't count most seafood as "meat"
i just don't like my meat with anything sugary on it
you can't pick out different flavors in the meat itself?
and here's my counter point.
there shouldn't be anything i need to put on my steak to make it taste good
if the steak isn't pre buttered, they aren't doing it right
bro i don't even put sauce on the steak
that's incredibly fucking stupid
that's fucking stupid
personally i don't like to mix sweet and savory tastes
cause that's what amercians think asian food is
cause it's all like pinapple meat and shit
and i don't give bitch niggas my money
look if you had said hells kitchen i'd have said fuck yeah
ok as long as you didn't spend money on them
that's a 0/5
bruh that's gay as fuck
don't even deserve the title of excriment of man's best friend
they're catshit
no that phone is worse than the one you're looking at
they probably just have it so semi-rich fags can eat that shit and pretend they're super rich fags
it's french
idk what's not dank about that
that's dank as fuck
it's literally made
eric's not wrong about that
so i wouldn't know how much space you'll need for that
and that's like once every two months
i don't take many pictures and videos
i'll be honest diego, 
that's very un vegan of you
why didn't you tell us?
phones rly don't need ram
im sure it's cheap as fuck
even that's so much more than you'll ever need in your life ever
but don't get two hundred fucking fifty six gigabytes of space
yeah but that's a bad reason
yeah, but if you do, we'll have a good reason to
and we'll troll u for the rest of your life
this is the dumbest conversation that i've ever taken part of
and it's less than 14 gbs
i've got fucking 12 days worth of music on my phone
that's fucking retarded
that's 128 gigs of storage tho
because they don't have headphone ports
that's more expensive than an actual iphone 6
"waddup?"
"waddup?
hey can you stop by my mom's house
you're what?
i haven't met jeanne
i don't say im good tho
hardstuck d5
back where you belong
R I P
LOL
(ok)
the music matches beat for beat tho
nibbers?
i wanna beat your asses in a videogame that im actually passable at
grab absolver while its hot
bruh
if you see laurel in that picture you're a fucking autist
they don't need their cs
if you dont win you’re trash at league
r i p
and anyone who hears laurel is obviously fucking retarded
yep
ype
then i hear laurel
unless you turn that slider all the way to laurel
yanny
compared to the meta junglers at least
kindred’s still pretty ass
then one with a 2:15 timer
2 scuttles to start with
cause those niggas at riot didnrmt kill kindred
bruh this patch list gave me a mad stiffie
i gotta walk my dogs
those are the trifecta imo
those are the trifecta imp
but that goes without saying
oh, and shoot your goo my dude
are fantastic 
and its her fucking nipple
the cash money one
he's more of like a support/assassin
which isn't too bad in my books
it's about as edgy as like thresh or zed
he's a fuckin pirate ghost
yeah that's true
it's impossible to be edgy when you're bilgewater
also he's bilgewater
Make me
REEEEE
and rocco tbh
mfw that picture is literally my brother lucky
i love seeing those dumb ass monkey ass niggas get arrested for dumb shit
underrated
live pd is a good ass show
the best of those shitty gemstone skins
spoopy vayne
if you're going, good luck
and just becasue it's on top of the ritz you know they're gonna charge you extra on everything just because they can.
idk i wouldn't consider that dude high tier
and im assuming it's less expensive
and you decide wulfgang puck's place is better?
it's just good as fuck
it's not fancy or famous
don't get me wrong
no it's not
fuck people, they're cancer
nvm i wouldn't have said that shit either
parsa's a   p u s s y
parsa didn't say what he got?
empathy is for cucks that dont punch women
suck my dick, faggots
13
i heard it was just alright
the cirqué
that one is an oldie tho
oh yeah
cause adcs can be soloed by anything just about
unless they’re adcs
point and click ranged champs are pretty gay
im playing him jungle, full ad
*though
fuck it thiugh
just thresh
how is he not like
and if he is
how tf is this guy a support
uh
yea milo its usually the same for absolver, except most people want to get their asses beat, cause you get better that way
cause they’re embarassed to lose to a shitty low rank retard
in absolver
cant get good people to rematch me
i fucking
LOL
they do tard rage at you tho
well they dont roast you, since feminists are terrible at roasting
its the thing that makes people think you have a really big pee pee
at least futas have tits
traps are gayer
im with it
that google assistant shit is pretty lit
and if not, i’ll get myself arrested, just so i can fight you and whoop your ass for ez status
prison gangs r ghey
it better be for some shit so fucked up that nobody will cone within 40 feet of you in the first place
if any of you gaylords ends up in prison
thats actually true tho milo, well said
git good
i'll go full fucking ape on him
i want to beat this man's bitch ass face until there's nothing left of it
you're forgetting the periods
he's even my fucking age
i'll fucking wipe this monkey ass nigger off the face of the earth
i'll kill him
the game would have been better if they spent all that time they used porting it to xbox on fixing all it's shitty bugs and optimizing it
i didn't see those changes
if you're fighting mundo and you don't pick up one of those it's your damn fault if you lose
yeah
so theres a bit of an unfair advantage
but he’s as tall as a 12-13 year old
10, going on 11
nah
LOL
rocco’s undefeated this season
im heading to my bro’s basketball game rn
but everyone plays like they’re cross faded and have no eyes
i can usually carry a silver game if one lane doesnt int
:(
league thinks i suck
+22, -19
im at -19
thats some bullshit
 wait you boys are at -15 or 17?
it's fuckin so close nigga
but it'd be better if it cut the bullshit
that's a sexy mouse, i'll give you that
it's got 2 side buttons
lmao
THAT'S WHAT THAT SAID
and thats what it says left all those chats
is lame satan
ur name on skype
they won't know it's you since i changed ur name
[5/1/2018 11:45:31 AM] The most wrong you could possibly be: I hate niggers&lt;&lt;&lt;
[5/1/2018 11:45:31 AM] The most wrong you could possibly be: I hate niggers&lt;&lt;&lt;
[5/1/2018 11:45:31 AM] The most wrong you could possibly be: I hate niggers&lt;&lt;&lt;
[5/1/2018 11:45:31 AM] The most wrong you could possibly be: I hate niggers&lt;&lt;&lt;
it's still his fault
why the fuck did jett leave every conversation he's ever taken part in
cause if you turn your brain off and look at the cool superhero shit on the screen it wont matter if the movie is in any way coherent
at worst a 2
so i still think infinity war is gonna be at best a solid 5/10
thats my reasoning for not trusting eric’s taste in movies
cause disney sucks dick
cause disnet sucks dick
nigga
?
yes
thats how sith work
he should be the new ruler at that point
kylo killed snoke
why was that fight even happening
that wasnt good
there were no good parts
its not that its cool to hate it
and you liked the last jedi, eric
you guys liked black panther
but
yes
it's an omegalul, but don't put omegalul as the o in zoe, that shit sound gay when you say it out loud
cause it's so bad :/
kaisa really didn't need all that shit
shit, i don't want that shit
you don't want that shit
that's some nice fuckin lag
as long as they don't mess with it
new vegas remastered is like one of 3 games i'd actually appreciate a remaster of
or new vegas'
i dont like this
the scuttle change sucks ass
rip
 as warwick?
only it'd be like
that's a better name than buddy
you can have my aunt's dog
that's going to the grave with me
and milo, as a nigger, the odds of me having kids before 18 is so high, that it's safer for a nigga to be assumin that there's like 3 or 4 of them out there
..... loves them
nobody....
they’re little shits and
tell them
if you find my kids
theres so much blood
bibbers i just cut my finger on a can of dog food and now im gonna die
riven fan fiction?
is this
its time to stop, sneaky
i don't want to kill harambe in dnd
what's up fuckers?
?
is it roast time
same with wow
absolver &gt; league in pretty much any scenario 
same
fuck my ass im hypergay
I have to
now i want to kill myself
vrohiyo
since he's 10 fuckin hours late
mfw the first part of my 2 part message doesn't send and i look like a retard
level three is gay as fuck
that's a fucking
jett if i was admin of this chat you'd have been kicked rn
it's a japanese anime so you can't be totally sure tbh
kaiba boy doesn't have a vagina between his legs tho
that's just regular gay tho
ctually i don't want to know, nevermind
up until 4 and 5 in which case they're no longer traps
that you're wrong
i'd argue
damn
also no
how tf did hunchback beat mulan
but the promenade is where all the euros go to shop and shit
except there's 2
but it's just mg5's pick your sidekick thing
i thought it'd be like a
LOL&gt;
now it's tied for first place
but yeah
i always knew cho was familiar but i couldnt remember from where
holy shit
but look at that shit around her shoulders and tell me it isn't retarded
(puke)
anyone wanna viciously murder one other?
duck game?
thats not all that bad
hell yea
since they fucked up the hair
oh and aviator is trash too
no it's a really good skin save for the GIANT FUCKING DUMB SHIT AROUND HER SHOULDERS
it'd be the best skin in the game
got rid of that bigass stupid fucking fur she's wearing
but it'd be 20 times better if they fuckin
no she's fine
i only played her in a custom game vs some bots to test out
best model in the game
 by far
all her models have that ass
she has an ass, but the actual outfit is stupid
fuck me her kit is fun
i played her on pbe
ty eric
not in silver &gt;.&gt;
if he's bot you do 2 camps and kill him
if he's on red side you go red wolves go to his red and kill him
that's just late game
and that's as kindred
that's the only upside
that's
and the shoulder spikes just get grabbed by anyone who's not mentally defunct and you get thrown on the ground and killed
they're curved inward
actually that's a fair point diego
that's fair
ik you don't
and now they're gone
it's completely different
there's more to frostbutt than thiccness
she's thicc but there's literally nothing else positive about it
that's not true
but i won't cause she'll be perma'd
it's so cancer
like the kind of thing i don't want in my games
she doesn't look good
since she'll be banned every game
there won't be a few weeks tho
and now irelia's gonna be permabanned
irelia didn't need it
's trash now
looks like her abilities mark targets and if she dashes to them she gets a reset
yeah
what the FUCK was that???
in disguise
or a bioengineered clone super soldier
yea
cause he is dead
thats why he was kicked off
so he had to assassinate basedyoona
it's time to feed
and it's pretty fucking gross
gives me cancer
gives me cancerous 
they rework irelia before nunu
she looks drawn
this is the first time i've ever actually seen one of these memes before you posted them david
nvm i'm just a retard
since that's kinda doing overwatch an injustice it doesn't deserve
personally i wouldn't attribute the loot crate business model to overwatch
if we're talking the modernized, acceptable loot crate systems
so that's 16 games right there
ea's been using their gay loot crate model in all their games since fuckin
i'd argue against that too
that's a little cancer
if anything that's an EA thing
it's not if you want to win
since everyone has this group chat muted
i feel like this may be the worst place to call for action
lmfao
if anything erykah badu is just shitty ratchet bjork
since bjork’s first album was in 1977 and badu’s was 1997 20 fucking years later
and this is the first one where he’s objectively wrong
david i just saw that meme
this means i don't have any phone numbers any more
so when i plug it in, it can't recognize my phone, because my phone is disabled and i can't confirm anything from the phone
i didn't have itunes on my new comp
it's disabled forever
and it's not disabled for five minutes nah
and my phone's been disabled
saturday after work i realized that it's been sometimes pushing buttons while it's in my pocket
hol up that's fucking funny
same
like
and it's been 2 months
but like you won't be relevant until session 24
but you'll die session one
you can't start as the rogue trader
you can't
yeaah it's not that lmao
it's not rogue trader shhhh
: ^) 
:)
my camp pain would be space 5e, all the regular shit's there, but you can homebrew aliens and maybe classes and we'll balance it out to keep it kosher
kms
why don't void champions look like those fucking things? those look fucking terrifying
are they a bunch of negusians or negusites?
negusi
a negus tryna vermintide 
Zoe[NOTE: Potentially a few changes here, will need to verify in game! Hold tight!]Attack range increased from 525 to 550Paddle Star (Q)Damage increased from 45/60/75/90/105 (+20% AP) to 50/75/100/125/150 (60% AP)No longer also deals More Sparkles! damage to the first target hitNow also gains base damage based on Zoe's level7/8/10/12/14/16/18/20/22/24/26/29/32/35/38/42/46/50Now deals 20% reduced damage to enemies not directly hit.Spell Thief (W)Bubble acquisition range increased from 525 to 550Damage increased from 70/115/160/205/250  (+60% AP) to 75/120/165/210/255 (+75% AP)
i'll give it to milo tho
o why'd you buy tho?
cause i cant run the game
actually miles and parsa just got beta codes from me for free
what the fuck did i just read
i’d hand out more keys for vermintide if i had them
sorry i changed subject tho, i like was responding to miles' earlier comment
you won't be in range enough to land all 5 hits of your passive, unless you manage to hit w
i can't see her being an adc when people spam cait, kalista, and trist
she'll be like swain levels of underwhelming
she won't be buffed
she won't be nerfed
she'll be nerfed before she comes out
i feel like you'd be banning kaisa less to not play against her and more to not have her on your team
i feel like you'd be banning her less to not play against her and more to not have her on your team
it's an auto attack buff
camille doesn't have a 3 hit passive
kindred's at the very least is not a passive
kindred's at the very least not a passive
look when a day goes by that Eao isn't treated like a whore in some way shape or form, she'll be surprised
he's also a lot less cancerous to deal with
it'd be 6 ur right
it'd be 4
you'll run out of sorcerey points faster
it's balanced by the fact that sorcerers don't get spells back on short rests
which means quickened spell double fireball don't work
the post that it doesn't stack at least
i didn't see that
there's also
that's cause of survivability
you're supposed to tell me every 10 seconds like a good gm
i haven't rolled anything but 19s on those
next time i go into a fight and start dying i'm gonna commit honorable sudoku in the middle of the biggest crowd i can find
that'll be dank
i'm hoping to get to the point where yew just eats spirits and demons and shit and has 10-20 entities living inside him at all times
to give them babies and steal their souls
that's pretty scary
yew pravaal doesn't give a shit about any of that anymore, he's a high elf
or a blackmsith's apprentice
you'd have a farmer
you'd take off that fucking stupid commoner tag too
because it's not
it's the same thing as if i were saying that white on black violence is a big issue
but you're still responding
it's rly not
and i'd outheal any damage they manage to possibly land on me
don't you even know about hay fiends?
they're just commoners
you're just racist
all i'm saying is commoners deserve names, backgrounds, and personalized stats
and adventurers aren't always men
monsters don't give a shit what they kill tho
i'd say male and up to 50 can have a 12 str
and nonentities
except they get generalized to 10 because they're commoners
because that's fucking retarded
it's low as fuck
can't read, cant talk
there are a lot more people than the bottom .1% that can't read
that doesn't make sense
yea but life doesn't follow bell curves and averages
yeah but that's retarded
it's not
eric my dude idk why you treat the handbook like it's a god damn law manuscript
but 20 isn't the peak
no they don't
just because it's unappealing doesn't mean it can't ever happen
it's just nasty
they're just nasty
they're just not attractive
but they'd have to be an orc
as soon as u jump you're just dead
and who's in it?
no
no that was 8/10
had the social shit
just this one
no lul
which is why i want to kill you
i know
you motherfucker
i didnt use that phrase either
you motherfucket
you literally just said what i was saying about the movies
oh my fucking god eric i want to kill you rn
MEMELO
LOL
they gave no shits about killing everyone and thats great
the best thing about this movie was that these superheroes were just super down with killing everyone in a room
unexplained 
yea
no its like a thousand year old hologram
and nobody walked through for like thousands of years
just a big hologram
it was a hologram
itll tilt you
you wanna know
eric
and that gave me quadruple cancer
he was like the chad of black lives matter
and he in the movie was like the ultra BLM nigger
those dickheads give me cancer
nigger
hard r
he was literally just a nigger
and he tried to prove his point by killing black people
he was like the radical black lives matter fag
no
no
stfu
so if you can pay to have your tumors removed id say go for it
the villian will give you cancer
you can see it if you want
it just doesnt pierce
like a bullet hurts
and like force from stuff
bit i think the thing was he still felt pain
the claws have always been stupid
idk man
that was nice
he also beats a nigga with his fists and head
a sword and a shield snd spear
no gun
yes and no
the panther god was bast
its just twisted egyptian mythology
a metric fuckton
a fuckton
according to marvel they would make hoverbikes and spaceships
yes
they would make hoverbikes
its slightly better
yea
in the comics i think there was also alien influence or something
and marvel movies are designed to not let you think
i mean it doesnt unless you think about it
those two made the movie slightly enjoyable
i would have given it that if it werent for the bald warrior bitch and gorilla dude
lmfao
yes
which is why its a 4 and not a 5
and it is dumb
that is what they want you to believe
yes
yes
marvel has never gotten anything beyond a 1 in the believability category
and that cant even be said for thor ragnarok
the onlt thing realistic about this movie was that gravity pointed down
it was utterly unbelievable 
there really wasnt any in this movie
its not hard
you make the “ancient aliens” version of egypt?
true
its not like its a whole new idea its just a comic movie
i mean the aesthetic was true to the comics tho
yea but thats fucking boring as hell
and the movie would have been over
tchalla could have said 6 sentences to neutralize that one power grab situation 
yea that shit was retarded
yea but every time you quote me eric you prove u cant read
yea but i reaaaally enjoy making eric say stupid shit
im not talking about the average of all movies being a 3/10
or if people score terribly
learn to read china boy
thats referencing movies that are not from these days
[1519279522] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: these days 3/10 is average

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
thats not what i said first
i was never not referencing a larger set
above average in comparison to other new movies in comparison to all movies
im not saying that tho
???
no
that movie was good
the first one
and like iron man
im comparing them to things like casa blanca
if only 2 of them are good
but idc how many black actors you cast
tru
lel
slightly different meaning there
not the average
the idea is that the rating is the standard
pixels got that rating
pixels
you know what got rated 5/10?
and these days its not
but i am not
id be down if i was home
which shouldnt be the case
and only 7/10 movies and upwards are worth watching
that means that an average 5/10 is unenjoyable at best
because that makes the rating less reliable
i’d rather change the average rating of the movies than than the value of the average number
that average at around 3/10
which is better than the vast majority of movies out there
its slightly below
but yea
trust me i only meme
everything sucks
nothing is good
these days 3/10 is average
nonono
yea i was rating the music
better than 2/10
good movie
but still see it
and the villain gave me triple cancer
because they replaced most of it with traditional african generic crap
the rap to generic crap ratio was abyssimal
4/10 movie
we’re gonna find some actual reasons to roast this movie
im gonna go see black panther in like 20 minutes, had to hang up cause i was leaving the house
milo’s got it down
dope
w0t
dark brown hair light anything eyes (ok)
dark brown first then jet black
no wtf
milo just said that
wait tf
r like 3rd
blondes?
wat
and my screen is too broken to function 
im walking around
ye
yea
i hit call instead of leave
mb
if you disagree u quadruple gay
yes
gragas aint no bih
if that was the definition illaoi would be the only thicc bih in league
but she thicc
she gonna succ
B I G   S U C C
but at least she thicc
she’s gonna suck
and ashe
xayah doesnt either
kog doesnt need it
she’ll suck
every adc has some movespeed
tru
yea
been too long since we got a hot new champion
ur right tho eric
ult and e
but a 5 hit passive? comeon bruh
she looks broken if her damages are high and her cds are low maybe
wait kaisa doesnt look broken
she looks fun as shit tho
reksai is supposed to be the thiccest bitch to crawl out of the void
idk if i like this one
sarah kerrigan?
in my defense i got home from work at 1 last night and went back at 10 this morning
lmfao
rip
i’ll never see her
she’s literally unplayable by low tier players 
rip
ah
camille is good and probably wont get nerfed
or camille top
you can camille support
yea understandable 
RIP
tbh the game is in an ok spot concerning kindred
ur ass is grass
watch the fuck out dual twin
so 
i can at the very least beat zombies at league of legends
with a fuckin 83% winrate on kindred
yea
o i finished carrying myself back out of shitty bronze today
hi
if you're waiting till 6 for me
DIGBO YOU'RE A KING
we don't have those
goddamn that's straight savage
depression
ur in the shit now
MILES LOL
or maybe i've just heard loyalty and love too many times
maybe it's just cause of that
you're definitely right about that too
that's why pop music went to shit
and i hate that about rap, when it's not about the music and instead about the money
he's showing off but integrating that into the message of the song.
he's not like adding any bullshit just cause he can rap fast
but there isn't a single word in that rap that isn't poignant to what he's trying to say
nothing even begins to approach for free
there isn't anything that comes close to wesley's theory or hood politics in dam in terms of lyricism
it'd have been nearly impossible to make something on that level again
i mean it's tough no matter what when the album before is TPaB
i mean it's tough no matter what when the album before is TpaB
he didn't use it much before damn
it's 2 parted
which isn't that great when the song is three minutes long
and that's sad cause i liked it
with "something's in the water"
honestly that's four too many
and that's three too many
because i don't have anything good to say
it's weird though
i definitely didn't realize
my criticism was that it wasn't good rap
me i don't mind rap
that's it
they can't be perfect
but they can't be good
people can't be good
it's not a label you can apply to things
thats why they're ideals
ideals aren't achievable by humans
perfectly good isn't possible
good isn't possible
i've said my piece
that's good
doing your best isn't enough
it's not
you don't
how do you know that you didn't just save five fuckin stalins?
how do you know that the one person that you killed wasn't the next ghandi?
that's the serial killer shit
it's the justification afterward
you're an idiot
and you're wrong
they're wrong
if they choose to kill one person instead of four, and then go home and say "oh well, did my best" they're not right
thats the scenario we're arguing
because you're wrong
no you don't
you're now "The most wrong you could possibly be"
you're now "The most wrong you could possibly be
you don't deserve a title that good
you're no longer flatisjustice
i've also changed your name
because we've already established that you're the most wrong anyone could possibly ever be
i don't care what you have to say about it
lets say you're hitler's dad or uncle and you somehow knew he was going to try to kill all the jews.
if you get through all of it i'll give you five bucks
cause it's so fucking
i can only listen to it fully when it's in the middle of a playlist and i'm doing other things
insane is raping a slave C:
naw it's not insane
that shit's also boring
it'd actually be so fucking nice
that's it
i wish he didn't say i am t'challa in the end tho
that's fair
but that's like only kendrick
that's not okay
don't say oh my gosh o my word sixteen times
i didn't listen to the end of that song
all you have to do is listen to downward spiral and you'll get it
i guess i like rap when it's unconventional
not that much, but it's alright
if it's done like
i don't mind electric
that song isn't gonna be in the movie tho
so it's even worse
thats fine
k
cause there would be 0 point in putting me in a facebook group
ok
do you mean a facebook group?
yep
think thats a good way to drive a kid in india to suicide
i
i’ll try it i guess
not the rohit ones
thats also cancer
like at least four hours after that conversation is over
the problem with that is that when there is something interesting i never find out until afterward
and thats not counting the spam
im already past my limit
but like
bro id do it
rohit messages a lot right?
lul
some idiot was speeding in a van and ripped off the whole front of a korean woman's car
i don't even wanna call him that much
im just the only one who flames them for it
i mean we know what happened
i was gone for three hours and i have to scroll across the entire continent of north america
what the fuck
:(
and it makes me sad that there isnt any online for it
pyre is really fuckin good
boys
that doesn't look like thats what level 3 is
that's like
what's that?
don't even have to do right
all you have to do for level 2 is understand what's right and wrong
you're just not human enough to mediate
i'm a better mediator at like my job
because eventually they'll get sick of your shit
it's just a fucking massive pain in the ass
conflict isn't something i'm afraid of
i'll accept that fact after i beat ur ass
lel i'm at 2
but it's pretty simple
i mean maybe it's not if you're a liar
eric you suck dick at life and you're adopted
based on results i'd be 9w5
wait bilo is that your first orange?
same
but everything before and during  the movies is dope
its a little gay
im not the hugest fan of the post episode 6 shit
more or less
so naw the eu was way better
and those are hot smelly garbage
all we have is the original series, the new movies, and all the 3d clone wars shit
none of them
they’re not anymore
no
it was definitely better than what we have now
and so was swtor and kotor and all that shit
so it was fine
i mean it wasnt ever claimed un canon until disney bought the rights
sidious
whoops
but not sideus’ body hopping
yea
its retarded
they did tho
so yea its that now
i mean all that shit was cut from the canon when disney bought the rights tho
palpatines motive was to be the most powerful sith and live forever
and they kill each other all the time
sith are top shit
sith are cool as fuck
but if you pay attention i did only say jedi
not gonna lie that is pretty true
like after the entire movie
at the end
he was in it for 2 seconds bro
honestly the jedi and all that good vs evil shit is one of the most boring parts of the star wars universe
and its like easily one of the best star wars movies
also rogue 1 was a star wars movie without the force
nigga got that juice on lock
he absolutely has it
you cant say that nigga doesnt have the juice tho
dejavu
dis nigga drop nonstop fire
lmfao
lol
wtf did you do?
in league?
if waterboarding is the kind of thing you find rewarding
i know a game thats rewarding for completionists
thats it really.
yeah.
i feel like this group chat is accelerating my crippling depression
fellas is it gay to kill all the jews? i think they should all die, but i dont wanna be gay or anything
im heading home to get my shit
yea
THIS NIGGA LOOK LIKE JEFF GOLDBLUM FROM THE FLY
LOOK AT THIS GOLFBALL HEAD ASS NIGGA
ty
yes
some dickhead let their dog pee in my apartment’s fucking elevator
then campaign, when?
if we’re going to kbbq on sunday
hol up
yea i have work tomorrow night
sunday free post 4:00 pm
: |
have fun
cant make it
nope
depends what day
or wait
im down
swain dumpsters every champion
flair
in terms of like
coolest shit in the game
the passive with the ravens
still tho
*mobile
he can blow up squishies if he gets on them tho
less monile than kass and doesnt quite do gp damage tho
truuuu
you can fuck him early
only at lvl 9
but yea his ult lets him 1v5 better than illaoi when he’s ahead
its only balanced cause his low damages everywhere else
understandable 
well that happens when nobody knows what he does
yea
but hes so fuckin cool
new swain isnt strong
so in 1v1s you probably have to wait the whole time, but can end it early in teamfights if they're grouped up.
it's based on the health you drain
the gameplay previews aren't that good
this nigga standin still, coat waving in the air like "kneel, bitch"
ranked is good guys,trust
it wasn't the same without you
don't know how many there are tho
you're also limited by the slots
cause don't they play like
I don't even remember how to play that game
since they're just fuckin googling cards
mouth want burritos
hell yea vro fuck ur stomach
weeeeeeeeb
just buff lethal tempo
since its useful on anyone
fleet’s fine
naw
revert the ult changes
doesnt deserve to be as good as she is
and mf
fucking nerf the zoe bitch too
fuck that shit
and i dont wanna be forced to use my gay nigger star guardian skins just cause everyone else has them.
i mean you can look good without skin previews
whats with riot and these stupid pointless client changes?
and pointless
thats kind of stupid
but that's probably just cause we're ahead of the times
but only if you're hanging upside down from a tree
i want my bitches tied to the fucking ceiling and gagged so i can't hear their whiny bitch voices
or you're like shouting ook ya ook during sex
yea i don't know about that one
that's pretty gay
yea
riot just made T1 a millionaire
20k in one day
is why the fuck did some dumb nigger tag cloud nine on the sink in my job’s bathroom
what’s not understandable
understandable
thats a fucking great meme holy shit
too late
you’re wrong
no
nibba those woulda been the worst 4 hours ever
but there isnt a mountain in the way
and thats doable within 4 hours
like SM to my house is 11 miles
literally over a mountain
and dont forget
its a long af walk
new year, more queer
^^^^^^^^^^^^
for the grace and the might of the lord
thats fuckin gay
whats the point of playing vr without vr?
nibba
mish
rest in peace
it sucks balls
it fuckin sucked fuckin dick
i’ve seen it now
i didn't know ezreal was at the end of that image
id assume a robot thats posing as human would have a built in internet connection
lmao
ur dad may be a robot my dude
thats kinda wild
wifi is like a necessity these days
so the mold is fixed?
why does your dad’s not tho
ah
what happened to it in the first place?
what happened to it in the first place
what happened to it in the first place
still no wifi?
who am i supposed to punch over this?
my 1 hour flight to san francisco took 3 fucking hours
W H O   T H E Y   A D D
i can team as long as the game we're playing is called tandoori fucking chicken
the point is that i look like a surprisingly clean homeless man
yea
holding two pieces of paper
 am i or am i not
with all my bags n shit from being at my dad
alone
i just bought tickets to go see star wars
nice
toke on the devil’s lettuce
whatd you do?
ehh
merry crimmus
what the fuck
to find her on the internet
also its a reddit link, it’d prolly just come off as you being surprised
i too watch richard and mortimer
alright you nibbers
has it been optimized whatsoever?
not that it isn't better
that's darker kaer morhen
i feed like a bitch when i play with you guys
yea
i dont play lucian
black?
lul
anything where you’re playing as like an outside force, rather than a character
or cities skylines
or like civ
the sims
god games r like
o
but naw
i thought it’d be like, top down. one of those god games
i thought it’d be like, top down. one of those gpd games
screenshots look v good
oh
sounds pretty cool
orly
so its like a city building game?
or like what do you do?
what is it?
dank
that's like
that's to be expected
milo's support just runs away
that doesn't make sense
that's disgusting
what's his kd/
cause you're a weeb
yea technically
charging monkaS fees?
monkaS
who knows
but
i dont think thats how it works
excellent meme
thats that feelsbadman
yea
again?
but the robot butt game was really good, and ea star wars was dogshit
nice meme
we’re definitely going tonight though, right
that'll feel good af
that's gonna have 100% kindred games on it
why didnt i know about this?
this is incredible
i just made a new account to play with some skrubs
it is
yeah.
i knew there was a reason i turned off notifications for this chat
from veggie tales
the fucking cucumber
is that
yea
kinda sucks they were so obvious about it tho
everything’s got dlc
understandable
like the selling point was always the sandbox portion
isnt the story just like a a side dish compared to the whole of the game tho?
thats cancer
wow
project hunters is kinda fun tho
urf is shit as long as its random
fuck pbe
little late m8
happy fucking thanks fucking giving, fucker
lmfao
hahah vro...my computer shipped today vro
:(
until 10:30
but servers are down
yea
cant wait for this new computer
and it is cancer
im trying to fix my runes
yea im getting good at speaking retard
yea i do 
ay if yo not nibbas got yo back they got it
yea he definitely does tho
dont trust those nibbas
thin lipped nibbas are sus
i mean black mouths are more characterized by thicc lips rather than wide ones imo
yea
for black nibbas
they’re thin
but not all blacks do
he also doesnt have chicken smacking monkey lips
yep
yea
ohhhhhh
but he’s not a nibba
the lack of curly hair is offputting
well
is it makeup?
yeah
holy fuck
i wish
im working all weekend :( but maybe i’ll call one of those days off
my mom comes into town on tuesday
fucc
jeez
yea not worth whatever you may have won
thats disgusting
a tournament was laggy
and it was laggy
you dc’d 3 times
or did eric call someone a nigger in all chat
did you win any games?
cucks
wow
you guys actually come in last?
oh did
i saw what she looked like for the first time while i was looking for a video of tyler1 fighting his fans at twitchcon
her hair and glasses stand out too much
i dont
said “sup,” then left the building
i was in my gay af uniform tho so i was looking like a dweeb
mfw i walked into lilipichu of all people at the weaboo bread spot right next to my job not 2 minutes ago
but like i guess if you dont ever let him get close you should be fine
i just assumed galio would win based on their respective kits
lul
gp players
galio will ruin you
fuck no
ye
even more money
and then gives you
if you hit a lot of skillshots it pays for itself
i guess its sort of like a cull tho
oh
but yeah
u already brought that up
sample size
o sorry
the winrate is also relative to the pick rate which is less than 1%
and really good at xerath
the people who play support xerath or spellthiefs xerath are probably really good at it
what's team doing?
arivdead
team has arrivd
fkn roasted
is that dom and qt?
but this one had two clearly correct answers
i feel like that'd be more applicable if it were any other question
i mean
two of you fucks willfully voted “im autistic” and im not even surprised
dont want it
i
the jpeg is so strong
omg
is in that picture
who the fuck
so tilting
its
if i didnt dc every minut i’d be so fuckin good rn
LMAO
bitch i make black people look fantastic
i was very confused
yeah thats what i was thinking!
i had no idea where we all knew dual from and assumed he was digbo’s friend
i literally forgot he was a person who existed
oh he’s not part of this group.
but we’re always using his discord, huh
its been a while since i’ve heard anything about the dude
i forgot about franny
holy shit
he looks like this meme
he looks like a faggy mexican cross-bred with a bulldog
he looks like a faggy mexican cross-breed with a bulldog
what is he, black?
anye?
also
i dont know how to respond to that. the missing it and the pointless apostrophe is distracting to the point where i can’t gorilla rage at you or cheekily copy your grammar sass
correct my motherfucking wouldnt?
did you just
bitch
i dont know his real name tbh
i still wouldnt say hi
and i recognized him
if i ran into him on the street
i dont know him
i mean
dont care one way or another
um dual?
that was an hour ago
o wow
call shenanigans
oh
wat
r        i         p
the fucking emote
beautiful, paraa
ye
i got fake nibbas
wow
...
dogs
i must walketh the dpgs
now
exterminatus
oh god
socialization
lol gay
i just got in a league game :(
holy shit
i'll figure it out
gaaayyyy
oh
i've been scouring the dell website for something along those lines but have come up empty so far
would be dope
that
oh
s' not like a new car
if you're not ordering for a business
i don't think you can get those
oh, naw
idk
of the loan?
i can wait it out
it's cancer
k
and not deal with loan crap
or wait another week for my check
and buy the computer tonight
do i get a 300 dollar loan
so heres the question
lmfao
that shit used to be so hype
and are retarded
just cause they like her more
and replaced bernie with hillary
its like they looked at the model for bernie vs trump
that's not even close to right
that's so wrong
buy them now
preseason hits tomorrow
i'll buy a bunch of champ shards rn
preseason is gonna be a fuckin fiesta
so it's not that hard
ok
is the projectile fast?
fuckin yassuo
LOL
asol is a jankum boi
jank
but he's also
yeah
some jank shit right there
and asol is
azir is a dps mage
tru
*asol is
azir was too
asol was
ye
including that
everything i say
90% of
for like
that's a good mentality
heh, fags.
i can understand why you wouldn't like her
so
for men of quality
she's a manly man champ
she's not an egirl champ tho
and janna
that's fuckin broken
maybe even 5 or 6
i was thinking it'd be like 10 at best
that's so long
40????!!!?!?!
bro this character is awesome.
is fuckin gay
which.
but i get a feeling that whatever you pick up, you press w to use.
i hope that's how it works.
being able to pick it up off people is retarded enough
just removed
ofc the guy who made yasuo made this bullshit
zoe is fucking awesome most broken piece of shit ever
what other non-faker mid laners exist is a better question
egyptians=africans=niggers.
those are some dirty niggers right there
and egyptians fuckin believed in prepping human bodies for the afterlife
egyptians were niggers
greeks burned/buried their dead to appease their gods
rome did yeah
bro these niggas didn't know dead bodies got people sick
if anything they'd think it's a little bitchmade
so its not a tool that's available to people in war.
you couldn't spread the plague on a whim
back in the greek and roman era
i mean to say
naw
that's warlike these days
that means i win
get fucked
that's smart as fuck
leona's a smart cookie
not that similar
he's not god of defending tho
apollo is the gayest of the gay
apollo doesn't do fighting
her theme is athena
yeah but that's just her kit
it's athena
if there's any greek god she could be compared to
did you just call leona apollo?
nibba
wait
in a very not ugly way
taric is ugly
astraeus maybe
not sol, since taragon's greek, rather than roman
wtf
that'd be dope
they could
yeah that'd be better
instead of shitty lore events
you mean like in game events
oh
and they need to update the freljord too
noxus vs ionia too
it's lore, not a fucking serial novel
the cliffhangers need to stop
that's fucking retarded
yeah
bro
he's dank af
he could just not be a part of it
asol is technically not from taragon
that was literally not having a single active brain cell
that wasn't tilting or inting
are u kidding me?
i play better than hashinshin there
holy fuck
feelsbad
a big problem tho is that league is pretty hard to pick back up after dropping it
solid brick wall of skill improvement
solib brick wall of skill improvement
fuckin
yea i would know
yeah
dogs r the best
LMAO
that dog is fuckin outtie tho
and im fuckin tilted
in response to miles
“that’s d’amores”
nobody said
im with it
yea no that shits dope
and thats fucking dope
its not as blatant as the others
idk im down with urgot’s edgyness
fuck kayn
idk who thought that was an ok idea
yeah
she picks up item actives too btw
yea
yeah
flashes 3 times
just
she’s fucking broken
riot’s on disney’s sparkle powder
Edited previous message: much better
much bette
i see it on the discord server
oh
a rat?
is it a dog?
i don't know what that is
cancerous, but passable
but i guess its passable
it didn't
so we can flame your bitch asss
and say so
so you better come clean
whoever did is an omegacuck
idk
fucking bitch man
connor better ask
not me
lmfao
g a y
gay
you can't see shit when they're involved
the trees fuckin obfuscate everything
the fuckin trees
the background's too grey when there are black skillshots
this was the point i was making though
though
ur not wrong
fuck you im suuuuper good at dota
but you can't ever tell what the fuck's going on cause all the abilities look the same
like it's graphically superior to league
that game looks like garbage
fuck dota
ayy yeaaaaaaa
^
never seen that one
ahh
who tha fucc says chick?
100
gay
but milos not
yea
t r u e
fuck midterms
you're a senior tho
understandable
or is the plan to team for halloween?
is anyone getting litty on a tuesday
traps
gross
k
somewhere
one of them
idk
gotta come after like 3 though
i aint missing this shit
im coming to samo
fucc
ook ya ook?
i was trying to message uti and dropped my phone
sorry mb
dumb fishe
smart boye
tom cruise IS the senate
get fucked oprah
^
get fucked
lmao
kys
fuck the worlds missions
daaam
fuck that mission
no its the one on the bottom with no thigh gap. like gosh
one of these things is not like the others
one of these things is not like the other
????
you're still good tho
yea
wow
put an exclamation point there
i fuckin
ahahaha!
i think it means you're all clear tho
tough to interpret
this meme is
i die
when the dude takes his head off
fucking
that's fucking incredible
OH MY GOD
oh my god
i dont trust...vro...you no come...pbe vro
cya later bro
good dog
wow
cause nobody on my level can play lee sin, kha, rengar, etc
yeah no thats great
actually
the zombie wards are gonna be crazy strong though
bronze and silver is just gonna be a bunch of retards inting
bronze abd silver is just gonna be a bunch of retards inting
at your level maybe
and get rid of the e-girl cancer
so we get tank supps
shitshows in botlane are a good time
i mean i dont mind an adc meta
*actually
that is a downside axtually
has anyone seen the leaked irelia changes?
true
yeah
ez jung sucks
not in my elo lmao
he’ll still be able to sit on lanes
is rammus
the problem it wont solve though
fuck tank jungles
true
sejuani should be deleted from the game
no not at all
it was cancer
or if your shitty jungler was
if you were on the receiving end
it was pretty cancer
i mean
do all my laners decide to farm under tower when i gank their pushed as fuck enemies
so why the fuck
thats true
yea
taxation is purity
unless you tax lane cs
i mean
true
that is rly solid
you arent playing against 5 mans in ranked
wtf ever happened to the 1v1 map?
but yo
2 many changes already this preseason
maybe next season
thats solid
nvm
wow
on minis?
the cs change im not a fan of though
and stealing camps already decimates the catchup ex
i already invade all the time
but like
true
really shit changes tbh
yeah
same
she just used to be one
also that bitch isnt a trap
holy fuck parsa
i want to make some kid on the bus cry
frankly i just wanna take the bus to santa monica in my fuckin terrifying ass costume
are we gonna get litty or what?
7 days
we've only got like
are we doing anything for halloween?
boys
is fucking hilarious
which
i got a 92 on the lagreport
that's the face i made when i found out dunkey was white
which one?
cool
metro.... the game?
whom'st've
rip trundle
oh mah gad
this meme is fucking incredible
no
its true
ye
platinum blonde
dying it fuckin destroyes your hair
so they don't have to dye their hair constantly
wigs n shit
most cosplayers use like
pick a fuckin color
like
she dyes her hair way too much tho
lmao
*pic
the third pick is solid
yeah
that's some stupid shit
the banana one too
actually no
the rest are alright though, i guess
wtf is goin on there
in that picture in the middle
her face is kinda fucked up
lmfao
^
that second result tho
ok
you can google search all that shit
sorry 60K is her net worth
its fucking solid
but for just playing videogames all day
alot
its not
either that or get loaded
you better get good at eating ass
she makes around 60,000 a year apparently
but i cant
i do
dope
doubtful
good man
dost thou eateth of the ass?
hungry tho?
RIP
yea
feelsbadman
and you only ever get to see it on your phone
this emoji shit is hard to type
C 👏 L 👏 A 👏 P 👏 P 

👏 E 👏 D
o h    f u c k
over here tryna roast the roast KING
milo
LOL
yea
is not the way to make that argument
free the nipple
i agree, but
christianity's gotta go
thered be murder in the streets my dude
shit would go nuts
so if they were thirstier
and are crazy by nature
girls have crazy in their gender
incorrect
girls are fucking crazy
but heres the thing
understandable
most have never had fake girlfriends either i bet
*school shooters to be
the school shooters would have girlfriends
sure
crimes against men would raise
idk
but all anyone could ask the girl were about her clothes n shit
she was being groomed to be a thot yea
with my fam, and one of their friends who had just had like a 3 year old daughter
like i went out to dinner
yea
yk?
superficial
but its like
they kind of are
fuk all the feminists, thinking they're princesses
fuk hillary
fr
like
dam right
i suppose she be a thot
tru
ah
naw
id probably just be another version of my sister
totally true
lol r i p
cause we breathe
we'd be thots tho
if any of us were women
but i switched to just wearing jeans cause its way more practical
tights for snowboarding are comfy as fuck
but not earlt
they'll still shred late game
the base numbers are trash tier
yeah actually
oh
it'll be okay on janna still, tbh
fuck ardent
nice
velkoz
thats
*cancer
oh god that sounds cancee
gay
its just lux combined with lulu
rip
with hackers begone
you all gotta spam his skype
what link?
what the fuck
succulents to clear the palate 
and laughed really loud
and got "crime's illegal fuck-o"
i randomly clicked on a picture
...
you could kite like a motherfucker
that's not true
its fuckin impossible
i can't play kindred
if they don't buff armor
that shit was stupid
fuck plants
rly does
yep
rip
cdr and ap blues are where its at
cdr
yeah
i take cdr blues
tf
annie's alright tho
and full ap sona
fuck brand support
^
fuck you
eric
like perfect cell would fuck that nigga up any day of the week
even if he's swole af
not sure if spongebob's power level high enough to fuck with cell
idk
that meme is actually really fucking funny
wow
i want those niggas permabanned
ez, rammus, sej
you just had a brush with anal rape my dude
you didn't ban that nigga?
wow
i can actually see that 42.50 being the price of those two items
experience the mras way
keep playing pbe
plebian internet
that shit feels bad man
christ
im just fuckin with you
ik
you suck dick eric
fuckin
10 seconds better than eric's
milo's internet is like
DAM
lul
game reborn
more like
ew
supposed to be the place for that shit
its pbe, its like
i mean
lol
just abuse bugs on the pbe
how gay
wow
it looks like hot smelly garbage
and on top of all that shit
tf is that shit?
yep
i can see how it could be an attempt at burning you
nvm
or
i don't know how that could be a burn toward you
that's a nice meme
d a y u m
nani?
dope
oh
check all them hours?
you can
how?
?
wat
you'd never know
she's secret op
hila's good at everything she does
that's fucking funny
wow
thats the real sad nigga hours
LOL
ive yet to have someone int in a bronze game
its just that everyone sucks dick
bronze is literally less toxic than normals
yeah i figure silver's worse
im in my b1 promos
i want to get the fuck out of bronze
no
they're gay yacht dad clothes
no
those clothes are gay in that they're fucking gay
i'd say yeah but in silver you're like just barely getting the hang of things, and by including it they can test how beginner friendly certain things are
since us bronzies have no idea how to play the game
they should add that you need to be at least silver 2 to get a pbe as well
cause fuck bronze
and if i could play league i'd be playing ranked
im on break at work, sadly
tfw you arent a bitch nigga and already have one
this video is fucking insane
i was wrong
nevermind
can not compare to the closeup on that nigga's shoes
the rest of the video
THEM SHOES
GOT DAMN
INTO THE FUCKING BATHROOM?
CRIP WALKING
IS THAT NIGGA
nah
old news
this shits hilarious wtf
no straight up
ever
the most fun thing
that is
wow
yeah surely
fuckin fires
d a m n
now i gotta see this
damn
maybe the others have
not me
same
you deserve to be hired
respec
thats fuckin respectable
u know what
bootleg overwatch with better skins
trash game
nope
yeah sure
that chimpout was planned
it was probably explained to them earlier
you should dip out too
holy shit
understandable
ahh
and squishy?
so soft
im not gonna pay money for that shit game
since ive heard the run and gun segments are lackluster
switch gameplay with boss battles
*boss battles
music is an art
the art and the gameplay
theres really only 2 things to talk about concerning that game though
i havent heard shit about cuckhead's fanbase
LOL
dont do that
.
fair
yeah
rick and morty is funny as fuck tho
bojack horseman is complex
idk if its complex
michael im gonna fucking stab you
rick and morty
its a great copypasta
cant forget that dickhole
riiight
thats 5 mins too late
fuck 20
holy shit
dunkstein is on h3's stream??
s' gone
how does accidentally sending a text to the group chat qualify as an incest fetish??
w h a t
thanks man
i made it worse on purpose
ik
ehehehe
fixed
hey mommy i'm heading right outside
im f u c k i n.  r e t a r d e d
lol wat
hey mom i'm heading right outside
clearly you're under-evolved. understandable, have a [B]oneless day
you mean sacred right
nobody fuckin knew i was stealthy as all fuck
i did straight watch that shit in the middle of class lmao
and yea
be warned
so
the last 20 seconds spoil the entire movie
but i want you to get as spoiled as i did
id say don't watch it
yeah
oh yeah naw
has anyone else seen the trailer for star wars episode 8 tho
i just wanted to know which nibbas is real
im still at school
nice
ay any real nibbas out there?
same
ay milo lets get food when you get outta class
would have been super down tho.
im getting lunch :/
maybe in an hour
(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)
fixed that bullshit
the fact that you used the [b] thing to replace both a "b" and a "g" really threw me off
my fuckin autocorrect
...
the fact that you used the be cool thing to replace both a b and a g really threw me off
one day im gonna make this in real life
lmfao
i thinks so?
by just now i mean like 2 mins ago
they gone
dont have :/
i will tho
but the other took me a hot minute to realize
one was rly obvious
they were both traps
i saw this pair walking
like just now
but not too many traps
so there are a lot of gay guys
sf is very openly gay
cause like
i dont think thats totally the case
no
ive seen more in 3 months here than i did in the year i was in SF
on the real, LA has a fuckton more traps than San Francisco does
yo fellas
suck my dick
gtfo
i didnt say team, bitch nigga
fuck graves
idk, ask [B]ilo
you mean the mysterious hacker, who's face has never been seen before by anyone, 4CHAN?
mucho
muy muy shinderu
lol
what the fuck
my mood has never been so effortlessly destroyed in my life
when are we gonna go see blade runner 2049
nibbas
also that bitch got one sock on and it's fuckin tilting
she shoulda kept spinning.
that kid is an IDIOT
fuck yes
oh and squeezy is the fuckin hero
that's incredible
whatever the fuck this nigga said wasn't even remotely related
like
that's incredible
and the nigga literally didn't mention vegas once in his thoughts on vegas
i read that whole thing
milo
why'd i start that with also
also milo
dont talk shit about anna
its anna
same
why?
ty my guy
thanks, bless up fam
and i fixed it a little bit ago
it was set to the wrong day on skype
oh
thanks
i was straight dead asleep mb
ye
maybe more like 20%
like a solid 25% dead
im feeling
but ty
just not in this gay ass group chat
nah they did
stay till 10 tho lul
i go twice a week but start at 1
understandable david
ikr
yeah like half an hour ago
nice
you?
yeah im chillin
AAAAAA
lets play some fucking videogames
YA BOI 20
WHATS GOOD FUCKERS?
o yea im sure they're insecure as fuck
because comedians in general are overflowing with charactet
*the
rhe exception is fat comedians
eric's almost right
ok
yeah it wasnt supposed to not be autistic
yo milo i was tryna emulate those basic white bitches
(ok)
wow you guyths are like tho in thynch how cute
"mistakes were made"
yo that dad in the background of the trap picture is like
thats almost blatant heresy
yeah milo what the fuck
nvm your descriprion may be correct
it came from shy ronnie? lmfao
nvm
o whoops u right
and for some reason people just keep saying it even tho it wasn't that funny.
cause haHAA came from the fucking deez nuts vine with that guy who had a jaw like an actual gorilla
and we're gonna totally ignore the fact that even if it is a thing, what you described is definitely not what it is
when the fuck did something like the phrase haHAA get attatched to a specific type of joke
that's not what I mean
nonono
what's a haHAA joke?
wat
you just gotta question how much of a joke it is.
where its gone on for so long
there comes a point
look at dunkey
like
i don't think he'd be too nervous to play league with a dude he's tryna fuck
punk bitches disguised as muscular men
or
don't gay people like punk bitches?
nigga.
you see em in his videos
yeah.
and instead all they did was make a bunch of nerdy dudes go full on gay for like two months.
im sure xayah and rakan were released to make more women play league tho
which has probably happened
sky willums introducing any of his friends to league
that's like
i mean i'd make a new account
lol
i'd play jungle and make that bitch mid
fuck no
except not really, cause i'd rather jungle
lul maybe
then stay the fuck outta sight
i want that bitch to make me a fuckin sandwich and ward my goddam lane
is that the case tho?
it looks like hell
this is so filled with quotes
hah fag
eric call them a bunch of nigglets when they fuck up
our aim isnt known for being good.
but i cant make any promises
i can roll up with the boys
rip
 r i p
yea
traps arent gay until theyre naked
 michael's right i guess
you should probably just cut your dick off so you can fuck guys without it being weird
you dont want to get caught in the middle of the scale milo
r i p
i drew the scale
so youre not a trap
you dont dress up like a girl
no
of the trap scale
i'll draw u a picture
but they're not
i mean
w h a t?
thats a trap
traps are 100% dudes
but after the surgery you're not a trap
yeah
since gender identity is just a lie that people vehemently try to believe in
not the same thing
no
well
same thing
a trap is a crossdresser
yeah
yea they do
if they get breast implants they're a shemale
surgery counts
which is still gay
past that its a shemale imo
any bigger than a cups
traps dont have tits like
memelo, my guy
i mean lounge wine'll be alright
ahh thought you meant in the rooms
in the lounges?
eric being on or off the stip isnt the point
tf
is so not free
the wine
its called not blowing 10k on a vacation
no
like from an objective standpoint you're wrong
but your point is wrong
eric you're trying to prove a point
yea
eric you are fuckin dumb
you are stupid
you dont know how money works
eric
thats absolutely retarded
vacationing from somewhere in the US to somewhere else in the US does not have a starting cost of ten thousand dollars
we're talking the US
we arent talking mexico
what the fuck?
nigga no they dont
wtf are you on eric?
and middle class people are fat
middle class people are
arent tourists
rich people
no
to los angeles
dont go on vacation
rich people
hotels arent usually filled with attractive people
you fucking destroyed me
diego
wow
where even is that?
thats nutty
milo what the fuck
while you eat both halves on seperate plates
look at the waiters the entire time
and like
one at a time
you gotta eat them
L O L
your face looked good
it didn't look good
the hair blended into the skin color
its better
cause she's not in the splash :\
she's not blue
ye
they didn't change the splash tho
i turned down my graphics in game to like the literal shittiest of shitty possibilities
and the in game model is awesome
but her face is fuckin retarded
its not a bad splash
fuckin rip those cucks
lmao
it looks good now
they fixed tango eve
oh SHIT
*like ogres
f u c k i n g   h i l a r i o u s
i s
t h a t
we can get you some help.
eric.
the range on it is short af tho
for tower diving and shit especially
and her ult feels nice as hell
you do retarded damage
yo new evelynn is fun as fuck though
almost as retarded as ziggs' tower execute
critting towers is retarded
they're back at the fuckin crystal meth
riot's on drugs friends
tf
anyone wanna go to campos?
ay fools
incredible
fucj studying
same
it might just be gay
i dont think thats irony
this beats out most of the new star guardian skins tho
ahri announcer trumps this
u right
ahh naw
this is the best thing to happen to league since the fuckin urgot rework
is so fuckin filled with lenny faces
the special interaction video
lmao
is that for the large rod?
its so big
lmao
k
ur gay eric
im ready
ye
naw im getting the chance to listen to these for the first time :///
that's fmjgkin awesome
skank
is just
one of eve's quotes
w a i t
fucking shit on
LOL
plat players are trash lmao
it is literally worth over that
like
it is
i mean
they're probably gonna be so bad
yaboi got the pbe my dude
im gonna play eve
A S S
what fucking jews
wow
purple is a good color
its cool tho
edgelord weeb
thank the lord
good
what about velkoz
wow
&gt;&lt;&gt;
then you CAN play with one hand
oshit
debuff the players
since none of these hoes can play with one hand
she's got the greatest debuff of all, too
feelsbadman
graves does have his cigar
but
its literally her character
its not sexist
oh they got the kit out fuck yea
no, you are
other than that they're all fuckin 10/10
the first one if FUCKING BLUE KAYN EVELYN??
miles got r e k t
fuckin r i p
loans are super gay, but pushy investors are waaaay gayer
well you'll have to work until you get money
that's the best way to go
and never have to answer to anyone
start your own with money
is gay
managing someone elses business
but like
sure
well
like everyone in this group is doing
some stupid shit like game design
idk
you wanna start a business?
wat
also for what major?
so staying in california
where are you planning on going to college?
you'll be done with it next year
r i p
fucking
lol
so it's fuckin lit
2 days of school only tho
im here until 10:00
all good lol
this still applies.
im in class
i want this to be real
this is real
a health pot's worth of gold is nothing
unexpected power spikes
why not?
is that you dont have to choose between hexflash and summoner specialist or like futures market
whats retarded about inspiration
lul
it might be worth using for that alone
has such a great icon
the ultimate hat
imma be real
itll be stupid
yeah
gtfo with that shit
fuckin
these days
is amazing
which
and you can have over 3 out
its actually pretty good
yeah
the stacking one
thats what most people will go
i could see that
support lux or brand
unless you're like
yea thatd be retarded
looks like you'll be seeing domination mages
thats fucking hilarious
wtf is this zombie ward and ghost poro shit
ic
rip
oh
since you'll be stunned
brand guarentees meteor hits too
understandable
ahh tru
yeah
zyra might actually
or zyra
neither does brand
lux doesnt need electrocute to 100-0 you
thatd be fucking retarded
press+overheal, bloodline, and coup de grace
mhm
yeah
tanks are op with items alone
thats good
mhm
the keystones are solid
yeah
its stupidly broken
yeah
i was just calling those other ones minor
yea
hype
fuckin
thats
fleet footwork is kindred's old heal
yo wait
ye
that arent the keystones
theres a second tab that has all the minor shit
the ones on top are
all the minor runes there are fuckin broke
but yeah
inspiration is the only one that isnt complete
inspiration?
Edited previous message: 
im not gonna spoil it
actually
that's the lube and the money jingling inside.
holy shit
AYYY
if i cut it off id probably look like a nasty mexican thot
the second one is plausible tho
that marla fag doesnt even look like me
thats fucking comedy gold
wait clegslist
Horoscope Cancer
Horoscope Cancer
Horoscope Cancer
Horoscope Cancer
Horoscope Cancer
Horoscope Cancer
Horoscope Cancer
cant call but i can spam
im on break at work
Horoscope Libra
Horoscope Capricorn
Horoscope Pisces
Horoscope Scorpio
Horoscope Gemini
Horoscope Aries
Horoscope Libra
no
idk which
kingsmen?
wasnt it to see kingsman?
lolwat
good shit
w h a t   t h e  f u c k
nobody leaves
someone get that nibba back in here
R I P
only fake nibbas
no
cool
what's he up to?
lmao
oh
arent you in school jett?
some of them are definitely real
a few are
yeah lmao
the kids reactions
for all the wrong reasons
immensly satisfying
this compilation is
not me
some of the most halal shit i've seen on youtube
yea fam
its not that funny but more than cool enough to make up for it
that meme is fucking awesome
not as broke anymore too so you don't have to feel like a scumfuck
she's fun
?
which champ
but in a bit
im busy rn
11/10 best rework since urgod
and her stupid hair is fixed
yo surrender at 20 has a teaser for the evelyn rework
this nigga put that bitch down
h o l y     f u c k
that's awesome
lmfao
lmao wat
yeaaaa boi
*lit
liy
system of a downsie?
yorick should whoop illaoi's ass tho
that's what the thing about yorick and illaoi was about
oh
nice
?
lmao
the game is still shit
can confirm david playing salem last night.was playing salem with him
that looks fucking revolting what the everloving fuck
eric get the fucc on
im highkey down
*me
md
rip those hoes
lmao
tf
tf
 there was an earthquake?
highkey
like
wait these roles are fucking great
that's retarded lmao
wait tf
all of them are based on giving the witch role a faction
town of salem got 15 new roles
what the fuck
milo you could oust that nibba with one punch
both his fashion and his intelligence are much higher than the average man's
, _ ,
R E A L   N I G G A   H O U R S
ana is fuckin dope
ana's the only good overwatch hero they've added
yea
that's so wrong
what the FUCK
this is pretty fuckin dank
very possible
 lmfao
no matter what
2 hp
and eric always got out with like
like the entire time
parsa shat all over that yasuo
also
lmfao
when the vi hit jett out of the blitz pull
that was disgusting
i just watched jett's video of that game
what the fuck jett
there was a possibility for you to love it?
you actually played grindr's secrets?
(y)
(y)
that bitch was crazy
granny rags was lit
after granny rags
like 2nd best character in the franchise
im hyped as shit for billie lurk 
OH FUCC
hell yea
r i p
you have school on thursdays?
if you ever find him you gotta squad up and kill him
what a bitch
tf was going on?
the ult changes to vayne are solid too holy fuck
and even then not that much
the only thing im into are the chromas, icons and the ward skins
most of these rewards are fuckin dumb
hm
that name is dank af
i think mine is toughguy69
jesus
Our Lord Helix
im probably just depressed i didn't think of big coin
tbh
yeah i feel
but you changed it back
it was
not dank enough :(
it's just
dunno
either that or im gonna get a name change
i can be a big enough fag
hopefully i'll have 20k by then
fuck it
imma blow all my essence on that shit
yeah the champ minis were cool
so everything's game
oh shit
that one would be dope
oh fuck
hands down
the best warwick skin is grey ww
i'll go for mistery icons champs and ward skins
i don't fuckin care about urfwick tho
dope
when?
good thing i've got like 8000 rn
that sounds like complete dogshit
yeah
right
fuuuuck
kms
18% less
fml
holy fuck 10% less
11
i'll only be able to play at like
rip
cause you could feel safe behind it
mhm
ew
it's a glorified anivia w :(
mhm
bitch ass chigga
i don't like that the soldiers stop interrupting dashes after they're out
ic
and since he's slower you don't have to rush or anything
right so it'll always go off
rly?
he moves noticably slower
he doesn't move as fast?
so
but riven's shield is stronger
it's riven's shield duration
make it last 2 seconds at least
that's boof
o
&gt;.&gt;
in the late game it'll be solid
70% ap ratio
oh they made his shield awesome too
that's solid
but cucked his range
they increased his damage output
rip
right they shat on his range huh?
whoops
*good
how god is my nigga?
u good
ye
im p sure they give you your username in the email
you gotta get on the pbe client, and just hit i can't remeber my password or some shit
you just recover it
so
its fuckin stupid
and it doesn't crash as much
than i do on the normal server
i legit get better ping and fps on the pbe
too bad fag
hah
 wait lmfao
yeah
i can get through the early game, generally
cause like
its funny
im not home
naw
rn?
ye
now that she's not crazy busted
when i was tryna get back into riven
and me every once in a while
and the youtubers
all the streamers
that wasn't a joke
a belated april fools joke
rip everyone but me
that fuckin sucks
real?
i
like
how do you not have one yet?
also
how does one's pbe get deactivated?
how?
wait rly?
use jetts
rip
o
play him as much as possible
play him rn
is pretty funny
that
ye i doubt it's been updated yet with these
ohhh
yea
they're also on messenger
that took me a bit to realize it was urgot
the urgot one tho
it's pretty funny
the fuckin katarina one
those memes aren't even good compared to the others
just like base skin ahri
doesn't ahri already have one of those?
that's the biggest thing we have to worry about.
when yellowstone goes off we're fucked
but like
since that's mostly like the san fernando valley and shit
LA and everything south won't get too fucked by an earthquake
i mean
and fucking brit fags
truuu
3 hurricanes in one year
fkn
midwest and east coast is so fucked its almost comedy
yeah
trump's gonna fuck that hurricane if it steps up on america
we've got hurricane jose now
holy fuck
is so fucking good
the editing in the first one
r u fucking me rn?
is the middle bitch fucking riven?
he was funny too
ye
fraud
no im sure he didn't
no
did he say something about them?
i mean he's popular as all fuck
it was him
he did say crafted
o god
cause nightblue is a fuckin nut
i bet he did
yeah if he didn't he'd be fuckin broken
cause he would have shit mana
he wouldn't
no
good strat
getting rid of the tear makes him useful
so enemies spike earlier and harder
his build is just really expensive comparatively
mhm
he gets fucked
but once the sup gets it
yeah
well
so having him solo in the jg makes sense i guess
the problem with ez was that he was outclassed by ardent censor adcs in lane
i mean
tf
meniscal
the ardent censor nerfs went through, right?
right
and the sup probably is too
but that means the top is a supertank
and stealing buffs is easy with like a q auto and smite
yeah your counter jg harass sounds pretty dank actually
idk it doesn't sound as good as graves
red smite is good in general
i mean
ic
yeah
only in the jg
or is he building normal ezreal?
so he's building for that attack speed?
it makes 0 sense
ez doesn't have anything to help him survive
ez is like
and the knockback on his autos
yeah but graves has the armor from true grit
he's trolling
how??????
how
w h a t
what
*wait
ait
fucking hilarious
you still called him a fieldnigga tho
lmao
you called him a field nigga
had you said the word at all?
thats depressing to read
jfc
lmao i guess you're right
what a fucking faggot
and he immediately started hitting on you???
you told him you were and e-girl
that shit is fucking hilarious
the first review
sorry my dude
lol rip
it's difficult to talk about.
you and eric can
the title was perfect for the time
the title was perfect for the tome
so like
its a remake
is the best kind
a well written horror movie
how was it?
you guys went to see it?
and its kinda shitty
yeah tbh this place feels like more high school
excuse me for being geographically illiterate
well
i keep mixing the 2
OHHHH
w a t
are you at samo rn milo?
oi
ez
put kindred in dota and i'll play it
cause its not like people are faster in dota than in league
understandable
yeah
haha
dont make fun of my fat fingering my phone u shitbag
ehehe
regy
remi
regi
k
thats so retarded
thats retarded
an adc that can become immune to cc?
wait
fuck olaf
thats olaf
mechanical skill vs game knowledge
that's not too much
the tradeoff is its more expensive
oh
sit in lane and get items?
so everyone can just
wait
or have different jungle monster spawns
like base a character around doing different things at day or night
if you make the day night cycles relevant its pretty cool
idk
uea
thats retarded
yeah
to secret shops
to sevret shops
there are items that are s p e c i f i c
so you're telling me
*dota
idk dora just doesnt look snappy to play
that shits fuckin awesome
having a dude named carl is way better
why do they have the stupid titles tho
tf
T R A X I S?
WAIT PARSA WHAT
lmao the alarms
rly boring when you say it like that
that sounds
rly boring when you say it like that
that sounds
wow
feels bad
you can't solo carry?
unfair levels
like
yeah
that's fuckin savage
the enemy loses gold
wait
like to retain the feel?
is it cause it was based off warcraft 3?
to intentionally make movement and basic attacking unresponsive
it sounds like a bad idea
like that sounds bad
why is that intended?
^
is it on stream?
is it good?
o yea?
still
you got sven for that
no
i can't find any like
0 backstory
yeah
shit game
no kindred
naw
ye
*moving
with how the characters take time to turn before movint
it looks unresponsive as fuck
fuck dota
wait the face even looks like a mei face
exactly
^^^^^^
that shit is blubber.
i feel famo, but here's my defense
is that a drawing of hurricane irma as a thottie?
oh holy shit
who the fucc is irma?
if you're gonna make a cloud thottie don't make her a whale
neither of those halves are even close to mildly attactive
they'll ban u
but honestly fakku friday is better than both
hentai problem is better than junkie
fakku friday is better
all day
only mondays and wednesdays
im in college this year
ur days suck
lmfao
fucc
i shoulda joined just to play with the legend
FUCK
YOU GOT BIG COIN???
deus vult amirite fellas?
they ought to be purged in holy fire
i think weebs that like league of legends are the worst ones
i don't know how weebs like that shit
that video was so bad
i need to gouge my eyes out
i watched it
my skype is working again
h o l y shit
wow that got me for a sec
weird
really
feels good man
100
wo
windows 10 skype sucks dick lul
ic
aw fuck
you're running windows 10, tho right
yea fam
already have ://///
pretty annoying
it's.
but if i get it right, it just turns white for a couple seconds and goes back to the password page
and notifies me when its wrong
it lets me type in the password
im having some fuckin issues
can anyone else not log into skype on their computers?
oi
i didnt know there was a wii u emulator tho
thats cool
yea
nintendo wouldnt do that ever
bullshit
que
its a kind of retarded idea
or the steam workshop
nobody gets mods from the creation club
but like
for bethesda games im pretty sure
lmao
ayy
s a m e
the worst fucking combination ever
but that's like
yeah
it's getting to be too much
these twitter feminists are retarded
the description on that ebay page makes me want to hit that guy
with that album
from all the pussy he got
unless its to cure his aids
but gay
thats dope
damn
50.7k
nice meme miles
the negro part in negropara
i didn't even see
lets all mark that in our calendars for the nekopara stream
never is a good date
what the FUcK is going on???
thats weird for me to read
yea
wo
cool
lolwat
do it
nope
how's the nigga holdin up?
ye
if you dont play like 3 games per day or something
that might make it harder
the're getting rid of first win of the day
*after the change
you can use champ shards from honor rewards to unlock champions now, tho
yeah
why?
he's all good
we put tape over the vag
like a comedy god
you'd be a god among men
just tell people you're getting paid
JETT DO IT
oh FUCK YEAH
?
that'd be funny as hell
i'd pay some fuckboy to go to their senior prom wearing that shit.
yeah
i only looked at it for like a second and a half.
no
wait there is a fucking vagina on the front of the jacket
either you have to have iron testicles, or you have to be completely braindead
like
to walk up to a fucking party in that
how incredibly ballsy would you have to be
understandable
can anyone tell me whats hot about a girl that looks like she can snap your neck with her thighs on accident?
also
street fighter memes?
both
those memes are quality
he's a menace to society
jesus
fucking ruthless savagery
holy fuck
what the fuck
p. chiggins
seems legit
^^^
thats gotta be worth like 30 autisimo points
until i apologized for disturbing her
this lady i passed thought i was on meth
cause it felt better to walk that way than it did to walk normally
for real tho i spent half the walk blasting deathgrips and dancing past houses on 6th st
lmao
(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)
H O L Y.   F U C K.  
[1503986972] Milo Amoore: or suck his dick thatll show him

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
you shoulda beat his ass
fag
did you sock than nigga in the mouth?
suck my shitty story dick
i forgot my wallet and just walked 11 miles to get home
hah gayyy
share them now so i can put them in the dirt with mine
anyone got any shitty first day of school stories
sadly im holdin my money for a new computer rn
  dope
ez af
lmfao
damn
understandable
ahh
that's nice
fuck
w a t
subterfuge is definitely computer game quality
well
ah
climbing ranked &gt; relearning school shit any day
understandable
you could play this game on your phone
like
you could always play games on your phone
mhmm
feel
bringing it [B]ack to early spring 2017. im with it.
still at smc? 
dope
are all you fags in school now? what the fuck is up?
wow
s a m e
what could go wrong?
anchovies and magic mushrooms
u would go for 5
either 6 or 7
this is fuckin awesome
someone get eric to see if he recognizes the pictires on that hoodie
that guy is a faglord tho
damn lol
who'd you bet on?
ew
or something gay like that
darkblade
i'd be like
nah
ngl
that's actually fucking comedy
the edge
inexorable hatred
edge squad?
is this like
you better marry that bitch
yes to that question
when she answers
that was awful
*pun
for that pub
burn yourself at the stake
lol
Edited previous message: you know rohit bhardwaj?
you know rohit bhardwaj
HAH! GAYYYYYYY
that's fucking hilarious
omg
fasho
lmao
and see who does anything about it.
just leave eggs on the sidewalk
that'll be the new social experiment thing
yeah it'll be raw egg all over the sidewalk
rip
oh
and everyones just collectively weirded out by the egg on the sidewalk
a day or two
hopefully nobody picks it up for like
cause if the shell's on it'll just be an egg on the sidewalk
or naw
is the shell on it?
lmfao
take pictures of them
just leave it
lmao
shell on?
is gonna be fucked up
that shit
yeah
*ornn
just
orn is pretty fuckin strong btw
there's so many complaints
yeah
but all the concerns are just left behind
jokes and shit
and they've responded a bunch to other crap
and riot employees have not responded to any of the criticism
i'm reading through the comments on the page
shit like that
or tank ekko
tank fizz
cause of like
i can kind of see why they'd reinforce specific roles
actually
it could be fine
just all across the board
if they do that
yeah
fuck new players
riot doesn't revert changes
they wont
actually nvm
if it flops they can just revert it
true
exactly
nobody asked for this
its like
it was cool to have champions able to perform multiple roles
but why reinforce certain playstyles for champions
maybe
ic
so fuckin similar now
they'll be
take teemo and kennen
i mean
is pretty retarded
which
rather than your champion
so it's more like how you play is defined by your keystone
mhm
way too much
these keystones feel like
still
alright that's okay
so i assumed there were just the keystones
didn't know about the mid runes
ok
ohhh
in compensation for a removal of customization to your base stats
you literally get one thing
and all you get is the keystone
oh god
is it generalized?
is it
not a good thing
that's
so everyone will have better base stats?
ic
how tf is kindred gonna jungle without the stats from runes?
i like the old runes better.
this is a worse decision than plants
league is going to become garbage
i saw that
oh
now i feel good about myself
i went on reddit and zoned out to cringe pics
i didn't read that, milo
^
nothing at all
what's good fellas?
s u p
nice meme
10/10
that guy in the vape pic has bigger tits than the chick
what the fuck.
milos a nigger
dank
tru
and not necessarily in a bad way
that shit looks retarded
ye
what game is this?
night push
panj
(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)
priest is a fag
and their saggy snigger pants
fucking sniggers and their rap music
snigger
other than that its spot on
yea but theres one s too many in the name
its not worth johnny test being a thing though
his sisters are not hot
dude
and now johnny test is like the 5th worst
but then teen titans go started existing
i used to think johnny test was the worst thing to happen to tv
oh shit thats his name
god damn
the nibba from johnny test
yes
better question, is it gay to eat beef dick?
you're eating an animal
no
meat on its own naw
men + meat = gay
mate
maet?
tame?
praised be the sjws
(pray)
that twist is masterful
i'd be pissed if i were him
it was dirty af
it was dirty
if not for redemption
a rly good escape by sneaky tho
it was
(ok)
die in the slums
milo comin through with the clean advice
jett that's fucking nasty
on the crotch
has a FUCKING ZIPPER
dress on the bottom
fcking
that
...
syrup
thanks for the succs
that looks like a trap too
.
unfriend her
yeah
i don't understand why this was made
i don't fucking get it
dude i don't know
fucking lightly palming the piano keys.
just look at the kid at 0:41
idfk
as for why?
sad
the first one is
the second one is actually funny
which one did you watch.
so now you guys can want to die too
i want to die
that's Giga Nigga X
nigga
N I G G A
NIGGA
nigga
cya then
dope
well
nope
no
but idgaf about importance
may be true
that doesn't mean re add me to the call eric
...
maybe next time
sadly
im a lil busy
que?
it doesnt count
poppy is the skin line's top laner
no
except sej
actually fucking any of them
in need of skins
2 female junglers
i can think of
they did 2 adcs
there arent any star guardian junglers
yeah
fuckin gaylords
rito likes anime
it's a huge line
is perfect
yea it
that too
oh fuck
make a star guardian reksai and i might consider
im not getting any of those
same
i said no
45 minutes
idk
like
a little later
jfc
there has to be a reason
why are you finding this shit
WHAT THE FUCK
 what the FUCK
o shit
fuck
fml i didnt get on it
ITS SO COOL
this shit before?
u ever see
milo
yo
ic
what kind of food do your parents cook, eric?
what kind of food?
nice
and the same with eric and parsa
i go back and forth between milo and jett and it looks like milo is 2 seconds behind
it's weird
or if you're all in separate games that are like 2 seconds apart
so i legit cant tell if team is all teamed
it clicked
just today
then like
then i came back like a week later and couldn't figure it out still
looked around and left
read the shit
i went in there
yeah
what the fuck
outside at night like
i spent so much time
ikr
yeah
so long
it took me like
right now
i literally just figured that one out
next to it
i literally
next to the deku tree
u know the shrine in botw
milo
hol up
gtfo milo
^
take that back faggot
guy
sith
stupid
it's a good color
thats so fucking sad
R I P
and all the shitty pre-teen harry potter fanfiction writers
its the ultimate burn to harry potter fanfiction
fuckin tops
its not long enough to feel like it could be serious, but the writing quality is like
its actually perfect
holy shit that story is comedy gold
oh i missed the a in at
t one time, he had dreams of being an actor. The larger he grew, the fewer agents and scouts would come calling, until they finally stopped altogether. There wasn't much in the market for a squid that would split a schoolgirl from stem to stern.
might be the best couple sentences of trash writing ive ever seen
this
what the fuck are you doing with your time, eric?
omg
like
that sounds fucking retarded
hell yeah im gonna read it
thats the best thing ever
bu tentacles
getting fucked
the actual castle
like
of the best memes ever
it's in the top 10
is one of the greatest i've ever seen
that snake meme
parsa
that whole post is comedy gold
that's fucking comedy
Edited previous message: "and interviews from faker himself not guarenteed"
"and interviews from faker himself not guarenteed
holy fuck
this is hilarious
where did you find this
eric what the fuck
^
im tired of this bronze shit
fuck outside
im tryna get to silver
bruh
rip
jebaited
yep
it just didn't show up right away
actually nevermind
that patching problem is fixed
oh
that's how you know adcs are bitchbabies
that's fuckind dank as hell
wow
seasons 3 and 4 were the best seasons though
was alright
devourer meta
^
its fuckin gay
yep
yea
i read that very wrong
OHHH
o
i'm never on facebook lele
wait both?
because they're stolen
david's memes are the best
ofc
well
that anna one is so fuckin solid
true
like damn
pretty fuckin high lately
your meme quality has been
jett
either way i'd probably be better off drinking a gallon of bleach
idk
a furry one
or maybe
it's actually a pretty gay outlook
so it's a good time
but it's kindred
they may be aggravating
oh they'll all be fun
and 19 games that i don't wanna play
than i can playing 1 game of urf kindred
playing 20 games of normal kindred
if not more
i can have just as much fun
kindred doesn't need to be all urfed up to be fun
but see
you can't bait me like that nibba
we already know im boosted
tf u think im doin?
i'd rather get to silver
it's called bullshit
its not
no see
makes it immensely not worth
the fact that i may have to play 20 fuckin games to play that shit once
so im boycotting that shit
i've never gotten to play urf kindred since random urf started
nevertheless
fling yourself around the map firing arrows like nobody's business
you just
all kindred's shit
kindred's q would be so awesome
so its not worth playing
so i dont get to play kindred
except the randomizer favors the especially broken urf champs
idc about winning
gtfo with that shit
i wanna play champions i like to play
i dont wanna play some op crap
random urf throws balance out the window and lets you do whatever you want with the table scraps rito gives you
urf was only good cause it threw balance out the window and let you do whatever you want
but random urf is not good
i see what you're saying
milo
^^^
i'd rather lose in ranked than play random urf
random urf is unplayable
you might be gay
im sorry milo
milo?
are you playing urf?
no
and fuck you
fuck urf
is that a burger shop
no
at a taco truck
lmfao
or squishing it
what if she's strangling it
not the last two
i saw the first two
is amazing
of this cuck
evolution
the fucking
what is this?
i n c r e d i b l e
ic
u dumbass
how ratings work
thats not
rate it out of 10
and milo
that facebook conversation
eric
holy fuck
as if that were a thing people do
why did this bool ass nigga try to groundpound
also
plywood
like
a small one
he probably could have done it if it was a plank
you can't break a round stick like a wooden plank
w h a t   a   d u m b f u c k
that nigga aint with it
Damn
i cant spell, nigga
kajeet has wares
if you want to buy
kajeet has wears
sit the fuck down.
"BITCH"
like
askin for the solar eclipse to happen on the weekend
the fucking lady
nice memes jett
holy fuck
kms
w h a t   t h e   f u c k
uti's a cuck
parsa's like blueish purple
for some reason, on my phone, everything david says is orange, milo, jett, and eric are blue, and michael is pink
worst thing ever
the new look for skype is dogshit though
you can do that on skype for phones
is it like a frankenstein of team and same?
what is that word
o
uti found this.
this one is stolen from uti
the hank hill one is god tier.
that shit feels so good man.
mfw i already know one of david's memes
?
are you gonna be a senior
W H A TTTTT
what???
o
is this your tinder?
same
thats honestly the worst one
for the art
same
fucking excellent meme
not this time
yea
mission failed, we'll get em next time 
and i didnt get uti's wii u
regrettably, uti's dad was out
AYY JETT FUCK YOU MY DUDE
[1502051623] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: i couldnt say anything earlier

&lt;&lt;&lt; this means literally unable to say anything
did you read anything but the last fuckin message, dickhead?
was fucking tops
but that dj khaled meme from tuseday
i couldnt say anything earlier
milo
oh
rip that nibba
for uti
yea
ez money
noire solo it 14 times
going back to chapter two and having fuckin
that was a good time
oh yea
reeking boxes?
and funnel them weak enemies
you gotta like set up a perimeter around the skrubs
and that shit is so hard to do
but i like to level everyone
i guess
like i did for all of awakening
you cant just throw shit around
yea
since you cant get a tag team attack when you group your people
which is fuckin nutty
except in fates
exactly
mhm
fire emblem works for me since most of it is in the positioning
i dont like having the most stressful parts of games put into binary decisions
ye
*issue
jrpgs rarely have good gameplay is the isdue
with the exclamation point tho
weeblord
a weeb
ur
milo
...
fair
good shit
ripperino
is it a hack and slash with bullet hell enemies?
u cant fucks with that
so like
that neir's story is apparently god-tier
but the thing is
is it a hack and slash?
and spoons?
big enough to make parsa say something about suicide
a big titty anime demon?
velvet
named
oh, what's it on?
whats it about?
sounds bad
what's that?
berseria?
what's good you bool fuck chigglets
R I P
your memes are god tier
What the FUCK
DAVID
the outback star is hilarious
like there's no way that slipped by anyone
its very clear that they're not hugging.
but after like watching the animation three times
on first glance it just looked like a hug
that's literally avocados fucking
wtf
and today was a good day isn't
like how is that allowed
wait why tf is that on skype
gayyy
...
my lord
get fucked
what the fuck.
what the fuck
same
^^^
maybe later
is why
some family reunion shit
I could do that lol
O U RIGHT
boutta flex on uti's dad
sup friendos. ya boi is in miami
"i got my c9 fidget spinner signed by meteos!!1!"
o god
stop
milo
comedy gold
is actually
the 10000 subscriber special
kappa
gayy
hah
what a god
wow
jesus
like
what an awesome picture
holy fuck
naw i gotta walk my dog
the only time he actually charges someone with it is during his ult.
yeah his q is swinging a lance like a bat, his autos are swinging it.
i guess they gotta make the auto more noticable?
that's retarded.
i didn't even fuckin think of that
wait
FUCK LEAGUE OF LEGENDS
ik
milo that gif gave me epilepsy
that's incredible michael
and you survived?
camp?
keep us updated
lol
it's time to put that shit in the durt
yea
but there aren't really any good places to put it.
i was gonna try and b meme the rest of that sentence
hey [B]avid
rip doomfist
bryce cube?
ice cube's long lost cousin?
is that
that's clearly a blue whale
no you imbicile
kms
on league of legends
lemme get
that one's right
lmfao
birdie sanders
bitch i'll fuckin punch that zapdos's head off
scandalous
that's zac and cody from 1892
eric where the fuck are you getting your sources
what the fuck
from mikey mouse's fagworld
mikey mouse
that's clearly
no you fuckmunch
that's donald from donald's duck
what the fuck milo?
rip
diego got nutted on
that meme sucks
not a single person
nobody says pdf file like pedophile
mickey Deez on the house
rip
soon your ranked elo will match your norms
now you gotta escape from plat
eyy
gtfo
wait you were up until 4:30
same
excellent
guess im a not a nigger cause im gonna fucking sleep
wow.
did i forget my coat?
cya nig.
im gonna go the fuck to sleep
anyway
that shit is hilarious
cause they can't compare to the show itself
boondocks memes suck
that's niggertree
why did they let that happen
wtf
wtg
and kindred doesn't benefit half as much from chogath devours
that's the same number as you can get kindred stacks
6?
to grow at least
since you can only eat 3 minions or jungle camps, right?
you cant get skyscraper size without eating champs
tru
go farm botlane
make it a 4v4 and leave your team without their best tank
naw fam you just leave
even tho you're fat as fuck
and leave
just r their carry
naw why would you fight someone?
sounds dank
and dip
then press r
run them down, flash into the middle of their team for max swolness from the gargoyle
right
yep
then he feeds and never ganks any lanes
and im like fine.
it's happened too many times, "I can't play adc, can I jungle?"
and i go full bitchmode
or some guy can't play mid
cause fuckin autofill
ye
i just ban the cuck so my laners don't feed him
anyway, i know how to fight a veigar, and i don't even play mid in ranked
k
and less funny.
so i thought it'd be objectively worse.
it's college and alcohol is legal
i never saw the second one.
that movie was great
still
right right
OH
doug jumps around the room and sings that shit.
it's schmidt
naw
tru
sometimes that shit make a day good
ay bustin out the gat is not grounds for a bad day
but that's beside the point
i did have to use my ak
and i had a good day
cause i whooped ass at 10:00
nope
naw
fuck outta here
ye that's right
i've never done dumber shit than play league at 1:30
hell no
it's 1 am
fuck no
not any more rewarded than she would be if she it it
like
she gets rewarded for missing her shit
syndra's fuckin stupid too lmao
xerath would do the same thing
since you outrange the little fuck by a mile
tru
annie's similar, except her q is slow as fuck.
before he ults you if he wants to one shot
and his space aids
i mean he technically needs to whip out his voidlings
malz too
so like that's a lose lose
but then you're the asshole who plays kat
kat too
anyone with multiple blinks
tru
makes me die a little inside
and win
where you can do literally nothing but press one button
shit like cho'gath and veig
i just wanna play my shit-tier characters in peace
that shit's broke
fuck anyone who plays him
fuck cho'gath
what the fuck?
this one.
this song
different
deakd forever
rip team dream
rip
team is that you?
did i hear team?
team?
understandable
there are a few good ones
they're mildly dank
within an hour
it'll probably end when one of us responds
i mean
is what?
?
yea its been broke for a solid week and a half
get shit on
the fact that it happens
...
kidneappers?
it's tinder but for kidney kidnappers
rip
but they'll only teach you if you give them your kidney?
what happens when you find someone to teach you
so
that's funny as fuck
hilarious
that's lowkey fucked up
wow
w h a t
same
holy fuck i typed spongebob kms
Edited previous message: this is late af but that elmo video was amazing
this is late af but that spongebob video was amazing
yo david
ye
F
rip
fucking
jesus
can't read
fucking
20 hours
[12:15:13 AM] Eric Huang: Yea. Just give me like 20 hours

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
hours.
20.
20 hours
im feeling a culling, my dude.
that's fair.
*hath spoken?
the storm god has spoken?
and im not even fucking joking
that's the sickest league name i've seen since big coin
friend that motherfucker
that's so fucking sick
wait
kappa
pc bangs
he means pc bars
thats pretty nuts
r i p p e r i n o
hype
sexy shirtless darius
oh you didnt get it?
except
have a bad day?
not understandable?
why is that a thing
what the fuck is that disparity
milo what the fuck
everyone else is in america
nobody gives a fuck about your time
i love that shit
swept up is dope
nigga
numbers don't lie faglord
(ok)
i didn't know you could do that
ERIC YOU CUCKLORD
IT WAS ERIC
AHA
[6:00:48 AM] Eric Huang: Group call
Missed group call.

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
who did this?
...
lmfao
everything about drake is crap
*crap
it's crp
like fuck drake but the wii shop channel makes anything sound good
dude this shit is so fire
someone finished the wii shop channel/hotline bling remix
h o l y fuck
pretty wild
that's
your fucking roommate
how incredibly dank
jk for real the joke is that his shelf cant laugh with him
it's just men
nah the joke is that he's only into one sex
team?
yo
dope
yo david did you ever finish instaling tabletop simulator?
*tru
try
lets play some secret hitler
solid hour late
ohh
that champ is retarded
fuck kayn
yea
&gt;.&gt;
thats cancer
tru
i c
oh
thats fuckin stupid
...
are you allowed 5?
flex
why not just be a dude
he's into tiddies obviously
adrian?
new urgot skin leaked?
that's some fresh off the boat from africa english
wtf is my english?
lets down for some team activities
im
lol
then nah im busy
whats the team occasion?
maybe
once you're in you cant get out
maybe like D E A D A S S
then you slap the shit outta that ass
but you hit it hard
you say it fast
but you cant skimp out on the dead
you slam the shit outta the ass
nah nigga
you pronounce it D E A D A S S
nah fam
if only slightly
franky kohn is worse than me
oh
wow
he's so fuckin funny
this nigga made the first boneless pizza
 u got no sauce, no paper, no clout, no juice
i already said i wasn't going to play league
why did you add me to that
what the fuck
roasted
this shit is awesome
urgot is savage as fuckj
but thats cause i like samuel l jackson
i like this one
ass is king
fag
that question has nothing to do with the conversation
...
he's got a thing for camille and it's so gross
fuckingsnjanfa
his
im listening to urgot's quotes
dude
ew
that's fair
yeah
ofc you do
this song is so dank
elbows up side to side
jett you fucking lameo
you've never heard that song?
what
*...bo
^
watching
anyway
say something like a jamboree
that's not even english
fiesta
like
fuckin cucklord
the
but he didn't respond
i asked what that meant
oh when milo said the thing about the fiesta
when was this?
with ALLL of them
you played
wait wait wait
the darkin form is way better though
one darkin and one shadow assassin
both kayns were bad
lol
yeah
who do you think i am
what the fuck?
ew
i didn't play kayn
kayn is bad
yea
kayn is bad
i played one game
fuck league and kayn
nah
what an excellent guy
lets team up and play some kayn
what could possess anyone to do this?
why
fucking put tracer's frames on everyone's models
did they
why
what kind of fiesta?
wow
what the fuck
this rework is hype as fuck
its like the ultimate "fuck you in particular" move
you reel someone in and turn them into paste
and then his ult is metal as fuuuuck
its totally braindead
you dont have to do the attacking part of kiting
yea
deep inside you
you just need to start feeling urgot
i see
the opposite of training for new urgot
that seems like
(ok)
my computer can't run that game
hell no
yeah lets play ogercock
since you put out the offer
you say a thing
what things?
hmm
fair
if so, smart
so you get all the emails n shit
cause you don't want us to sign you up for a pornhub account right?
scratched out that email
im assuming you
*yeah...
*eah
yae
not too much
that's
jett you better not tell me
i don't want to
one dollar is too much
fuck my life
i've spent too much money on that game
yea nah
but
that's a good idea...
i go mid or top and the other lanes and jungle feed
i jungle and all my lanes feed
i don't know what i can do
bronzies are so bad
tilted the fuck outta me today
and ranked
nah i gotta walk my dogs
this motherfucker knows what's up
holy fucking shit
11111111111/10
R O A S T E D
nope
im incapable
did i hear team?
team?
i don't wanna do anything then
rip
oh
as long as they're [B]oneless
im down to do things
feels bad man
you're bored?
ha
this one is actually pretty cool
more succs?
rip
solid 2 hours late
o
bool as fuck
o god
you hand it in and it's full of holes and fucking crusty
your teacher asks if you did your homework
i.
fuck homework
no
ripperino
oh lol
fuck hearthstone
rip
well then i can't play that shit
oh
hearthstone is ez
i can probably play anything but overwatch
but im pretty sure i deleted battle.net
i can
somethin
*idk
*k
idl
can a nigga get a team up in here?
ay
like thats definitely on the higher end of shitty overwatch comics
really good
that comic is actually
skype became trash
you can react to shit on phoneskype
what the hell
K I L L A. K A L E
i just got off the bus
no
or genji's
get hanzo's ultimate line
on your ass
get hastune mieko
NO
sleeves are crazy expensive
yea
thats fucking retarded
dont ever get a tattoo when youve been drinking
eric
yea
it'll be super cringey, knowing you
dont get a tattoo
its despicable me. which is bearable because grue and the kids are actually funny
its not minions
(puke)(puke)(puke)(puke)(puke)
star shrek into ogre is the best marvel movie
lol
but like spiderman is way more lighthearted than ant man
he liked ant man
there was just too much going on
the plane fight was a shitshow though he's right there
uti didnt like it cause he's a beta cuck who doesnt like movies that dont take themselves seriously
im responding to his assumption
low brow? fuck them
i was fooled i thought his parents were bool ass fuck niggas
for years apparently
noah has been trying to get everyone to call him jascon
like
nono
but i thought it was jascon
jascon's name is jackson
yea
it was a good ass movie
kill me
how that could be interpreted
i just realized
owow
i named you KappaPride on skype
every time you say that i feel super validated, milo
lmao
he's just all black
its cause that filter is only for the milanos
lmao
he looks like gollum fucked a mummy and their kid had birth defects
fasho
yea
so fuck that
but like im probably gonna eat dinner instead
i was boutta ask if anyone wanted to team up
same
that shit is nutty
i don't know how rito did it
butcher urgot looks like the sickest fucking skin
wow
lets go
lul
fuck kayn urgot all the way
yea he looks like a badass
wat
cool
wtf he looks
what an excellent meme
is amazing
that second picture
holy fuck
kms
he's vi.
everyone and their mothers called that one
same
^^
he wants the uncensored version
why did i do that
i actually looked at it
but not that bad
it's bad
i mean
as far as japanese animes that my friend has forced me to watch though, no game no life is actually not that bad.
yeah that's the face
and i want to kill myself
tfw i actually recognized some of those quotes
hilarious
that's the raddest shit ive seen all day
wow
whats everyone doing for the 4th of july?
lol
ghetto af
good shit
lol
drinking age is 18? or 16?
but its not worth for like just one summer
i'd say get your own internet
that's shitty af
damn nigga
taiwan?
wait where are you?
feels bad
aw
faglord
have you even watched the video?
there aint no s
?
its good tho
fuck whoever made that thing
OF
two liter OF coke
is that butchery
the fuck
what
which means he was up before 9
[6:44:07 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: I'm in Kansas, it's almost 9 here

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
that was in his own timezone
what the fuck why were you up before 9 am?
im down
wtf
to sarcastically call him a shithead
so that should be *me_irl
he told you to shove a cactus up your ass
also
it's kinda both
^^^
dude these parents cant pay for vaccines
its fucking annoying
its like every mexican kid under 8 years old in my neighborhood
but the problem is its not like just a couple kids
thats the obvious answer
or that
like are their parents having them practice screaming for help or some shit?
hey does anyone know why mexican kids just like scream at the top of their lungs while the walk down the street with their parents?
lol
the gif was dope
you&#x27;re gay
the sentiment still stands
not even
i didnt watch it before i typed gay
thats actually dope
gay
0 shame edition
yea
i see 20 walking down the street to the grocery store
lol
dank
there's no fill shirt?
understandable
they just put in the obligatory all gender restroom in at the last minute
its like
huh
cause lmfao
does the all gender one have urinals?
oh
do they still have mens and women&#x27;s restrooms
it was made by those 4 chan weirdos. so thats understandable
they probably started out like lets make a fucking meme then got super invested into it like halfway through, lol
if you could die in sakura games they&#x27;d be way less shitty
thats good then
lol what a piece of shit
did you catch aids from the no-leg cripple?
did you catch aids from the no-leg cripple?
aids?
from what?
ew mac
for at least another hour
but i am locked out of my house
id love to get on
and its a male hand
then i suppose the anime cripples are still pretty gay
hmm
oh true
shemales are gay
fucking a crippled girl is still heterosexual
look
its half past crusade
idk, ive seen him on league once or twice
nathan?
im glad you&#x27;re there for them eric
those people need someone to love them too you know?
well dude
no legs
guys i think eric has a handicap fetish
:(
the first one
oh
mostly because it was anime
this recent one is shit
the one with the girl and her dad is actually really well done
i read all the comics
eric you&#x27;re a cuck lol
except for eric
same
lol gj
that's it really
they're fags
understandable
at the very least
shes got her confidence game down
look
thats understandable
even good japanese authors title their shit in english
anything with a weebspeak title cant be written well
i thought so
das right
wat
yea
...
and he's edgy as fuyck
it just dies
my computer can't handle ogrewatch
o wait
same team?
already, dam
it was removed
cya
you dick
you put that song into my head
damn
u right
so like
the video is from 2007
except
that's fair
yeah
not 3rd or 4th
actually no
like 3rd or fourth
it's in the comments
no
[B]ideo game machine [B]roke
like what tho
kek
does breath of the wild count as something to do?
like
it sent that to everyone on my friends list tho
it's all good
yea yea
i changed my passwords n shit
yea fam
this is true
yep
nigga be late
wtf
wo
im not hyped
ayy
but i want to
no
understandable
but i didn't like it.
i read it all the way through.
i didn't like the comic
Edited previous message: i love this guy, yea
i love this guyyea
my lord
this is honestly so much better
see i was thinking this was something scripted
holy shit
Edited previous message: who were those comments by?
who were those comments by,
that comic is fucked
idk

FUCK
where are you?
im outside
hi
ye
that picture (ok) (ok) (ok) (ok)
jett
when we finna roll?
hell yea
they&#x27;re fuckin fireworks
on the other hand
yea but
dope
yea?
im just fuckin around
but yea lets check that shit out
so like idk how that&#x27;ll work
i dont plan on being cognizant later at night
graduation fireworks
that's why i suggested it
ik
i was actually saying i&#x27;d come in the morning and we&#x27;d go before the jamboree
hell yea
5
lets go see shitty transformers like
cause
im just gonna come in the morning
its tomorrow
^^^^
factually
just
americans are better at fps games than koreans
overwatch=\=league
play breath of the wild
jett you&#x27;re a fag
ive spent most of my time dicking around doing side quests
ive finished 2 areas
still playing breath of the wild
im
 last night at 4am i was playing breath of the wild
itd just be cool to know where im goin you know?
sounds lit
same
ay boys, where we meeting up for the jam tomorrow?
ikr
remember spore videos?
it's so funny
one of the top 3 funniest news stories ive ever read
without a doubt
this is
im gonna go back to playing breath of the wild then
or don't
get on, cuck
aight
k
milo wtf
feel you man
oh, where do you work?
like a job?
like work work?
oh fun
work?
same
saturday?
i dont think i can do tomorrow actually
how about tomorrow?
sound good?
so lets jam on friday guys
good
ok
so like
(puke)
theres no way this is real
this was made sarcastically, right?
thats revolting
his name is deathblade
oh what the fuck
hi
which federal building?
same
that was a shit version :/
Edited previous message: 
these ones are good tho
:(
s
redbone got me into music meme
fuck
get that heretic fanaticism outta here
oh god
is that last one a juggalo meme?
...
im out buyin another xbox controller for the jam tomorrow
nah not yet
lmao
lul
lets play some league
sure
(ok) (ok) (ok) (ok) (ok)
yes
as long as its boneless
id be alright with it
deadass
deadass
same
make that shit boneless
deadass
*rn
that weeb shit doesnt even phase me tn
this movie is so damn good
watchin the excorcist
im
and wow nick mcnearny is a legend
kms
16 wtf
it looks like crap fuck garbage
can anyone tell me what the fuck is up with e3 and all these games that look like college projects or tech demos?
i don't fuck thots
yea see
...
a lil nigga can look sharp as fuck
a lill nigga can have some good ass lookin hair
i said good
or sexy
i didn't say hot
tf
so what
what the hell
it looked good as fuck
does jett have short hair there?
wait
[B]ideo games
111111/10
that meme
holy shit
somewhere in the middle you have to include the missing stalls
and ending with the egg fucking urinals
starting with the mom posters
so many things wrong with that
there arwe
im back in LA so it's totally plausible now
if you don't come play now i'll gun you down in the streets
completely mandatory very urgent
klan meeting rn
ay squad form up
holy fuck that's hilarious
didn't see that lmao
i thought we were gonna go on patrol?
where?
kill me
that was me
squad up?
that guy in the onesie needs to be executed though
51 more braindead shitstains isn&#x27;t very much all things considered
51 likes isn&#x27;t terrible
what the fuck?
black panther is a dope af superhero tho
ahh
it's bad cause it has a fuckin rap soundtrack
no
don't know why
it's just really shitty for some odd reason
somethin's up with it
...
has anyone seen the new black panther trailer?
the avocado guy has way too much time on his hands
english?
that meme is garbage
10/10
that fat bitch got pancaked
its not fake
holy mother of fuck
this is why traps are gay
how many times do i have to tell you it's peter. not beter
peter.
wholesome
wtf
company
wat
tryna say that traps aren't gay?
are you
 did i hear you right?
fuck you eric
please tell me that bottom picture isnt a trap
eric&#x27;s memes are pretty shit
this is a high quality meme
thats some dank shit
respec for that woman
fuck that
i want to die
low tier memes
thats retarded
"obcene memes"
wat do [B]ilo?
nice spam [B]iles
kek
wtf
holy psychic wat
???
it works tho
&lt;3
ur mom looks pretty strong
kys
22k warrior wins
same
why is post punk revival before punk rock
what the fuck is claudius smoking?
me_rn
you have to pay to have access to the free shit finder
for a chance at hextech annie sure
orbs?
amazing
or any religious ones
rito doesnt wanna piss off the devout christian players
thats why riven is the angel
pretending the demons are right is so edgy
i didnt watch the yas video
ok i was worried milo
phew
dam
but riven is like mopey as well
i mean they&#x27;re both edgy
cause yasuo is edgy?
fuck autocorrect, amirite?
it was autocorrect, actually
it was a misclick, right memelo?
oh my god it is
milo if that shit is spelt with 2 a&#x27;s and you spelt it right intentionally we cant be friends anymore
lmao
theyre a shit theme
angels are lame too btw
in comparison to the riven one
no the yas skin sux
not in a lot of media they arent
no
itd be like camille
mhm
she&#x27;d have black woman ass
if the armor was her actual hip size itd be nasty
im saying tho
yep
no dont get me wrong
the hips are only massive cause the armor goes way out
holy balls incredible
NO ITS LORE FRIENDLY
WAIT
wait
mfw im gonna be a beta cuck and main riven again?
EXTRA THICC
this makes god fist lee sin look like dirt why did they do that?
she does 2 flips on her 3rd q??? why?
what the fuck the riven skin is amazing
aether wing kayle is a fucking amazing skin
aether wing kayle?
what the fuck riot.
this is every riven amd yasuo shipper&#x27;s wet dream
:?
what skin?
fuck yas
me
its still trash
maokai sucks
lmao
is the thing
it would take a while
we can&#x27;t
yea
thats ez
11/11
wow
nerd
so its basically just making the unofficial key timer more streamlined
dum?
thats
wat
next generation is 100% retarded
this generation is 95% autistic
yea i feel you
participation trophies are some stupid shit tho
100% true
lol
*21 different bids thats actually so much worse
holy
 someone put 21 bids
malibu?
2 things of value
so
juan lives in florida
actually
texas has rooster teeth
but theres nothing else of value in florida
miami is dope
would be shit
so like florida or texas
hurricanes and tornados are
snow isnt hard to account for
i mean
yea me too michael
blacks in south africa are racist against whites
ye
south africa lmao
australia
new zealand
canada
we&#x27;re just saying that its not easy
nah fam i could live there
thats the point
ik
garbage
yea see
it looks like someone smeared crap on the walls
i wouldnt put my dog&#x27;s shit inside that mansion
that mansion looks like dick fuck
ski out your own back door
the mountains
if you lived in like
freezing in the winter is great imo
Colorado is dank
its hilarious
ye it does
oregon is cold af
colarado
colarodo
umm
minnesota
oregon is fukin goregous
oregon, washington
pennsylvania is dank kappa
unlivable
there you go
you can get a cheap af house there
like richmond?
depends on where in the bay area
its around the same price range
^^
you rent
yeah but taking a loan from the bank at 20something is retarded
graced by god
a fuckin child actor
or they&#x27;re like
at the most
2
google is about as far as it gets
yeah but google is not a typical entry level job
cause you have living expenses as well
you cant even own a one bedroom apartment at 2.6k with an entry level job
yea entry level will mot
most jobs there dont
yea move to north dakota pay 20 bucks for rent
the bottom one looks like a nice building at least
lmao
the only thing that makes sf livable is their rent control policy thing
yeah
3k for a 2 bedroom apartment in samo makes sense honestly
yeah
thats stupid
jfc
750k condo
lmfaoo
its primo real estate tho
theres one tiny part of santamonica thats not super expensive
ok
yea theres nowhere in santa monica thats not expensive
typical african male
my wallet is empty
cause
so its pretty biased
my source is my wallet
its fucking insane i dont know how i managed to eat once a day
sf is 2 times as expensive as santa monica though
lmao
tru
it&#x27;ll be cheap
if you get like 6 people in one house
santa monica is so fkn expensive to live in
yep
have an apartment like a real live adult
maybe with a roomie or some shit
is that imma move out in a year
my plan
forever
staying
ye
kindred is a steaming pile of shit rn
nah man im still moving
kindreds coming back
my body is so unready
no
perfect responses on both ends
lmfao
(ok) (ok) (ok) (ok) (ok) (ok)
the fidget spinner in the nigga&#x27;s hands
10/10 memes
blood for the blood god
at least neither of us are fucking khorne
yep
im a slut and a half
slaanesh obv
^^
honestly the new honor system looks like crap
and you should be able to honor multiple people
um the honor system looks like overwatch
which is retarded
overheal is a bloodthirster
having them be more impactful is alright
the rune changes are alright
thatd be dank
i would love my rune ip back
good plan
lol
ye
but nope
most people would say 3/4ths there
oh ok
is 7.11 out?
wait waitwait
wait
*rip
tip
im moving tomorrow
just moved all my mom&#x27;s crap to her new place
just moved all my mom&#x27;s crap to her new place
Edited previous message: never stop saying [B]eter
never stop saying [B]eter]
[B]ilo, what the fuck? are you catching downs?
this shit is so cash
and the crowd cheers "yeah"
like she fucking insulted them or something
and crosses her goddamn arms
suddenly one bitch says "If this isn't a safe space, then is it okay if we say you're all white supremacists?"
get on stage and start shouting safety
this is even more retarded than usual
like
nanana
sjws are retarded
holy shit
same
nah magic the crackening puts gwent in the dirt
gwent sucks dick
Squad get your bitch asses on some league of legends
squad?
i&#x27;ll be in town on the 7th ish :/
was not false
"only talks about his tesla"
NICE MEME
omg
ey you right
jett those memes make me want to die
that kid is such a savage
amazing
yes
i don't play any blizzard games
im just messin tbh
but ur not wrong
india is part of the americas coalition
The Americas server now includes half the fuckin planet so its gonna have the most players for sure
make korea part of NA so NA can be the best again
riot ought to follow blizzard business model
blizzard is great company
just tryna cover their asses
lmfao
they definitely do in guatemala
actually
they don't speak english in honduras or guatemala
yea
would you call him [B]ti? or [B]uti?
wait wait wait
yeah that includes uti now
cause fuck the east coast skrubs
or pacific server for short
well yea ofc im just saying they ought to rename it the "every body of land that touches the pacific ocean" server
can't even do 3rd grade geography
blizzard has downs
those are on the other fucking side of the world from america
india japan, australia???
what the fuck
like his magic little fizz who grants his every wish
and broken champions
yea he is
...
oh my god
FUCKING RETARD
cold hard truth
truth
^
gay
maybe in a bit
those jokes are dogshit
go for it critikal
trebuchet is king
7.06[B]
is fuckin hilarious
david that meme
*orange
the oramge one cause it looks like it has downs
THAT BITCH
Edited previous message: :O
&gt;:O
DRAKE IS WHAT
what a cuck
memes
nice
im gonna try sejuani
nah
nothing fucking compares
why the fuck would riot change this theme song
wait holy fuck
is team available?
thatd be a meme in and of itself
2017 doesn't stand a chance tbh
2016 was an amazing year for memes
that little caesars meme is incredible
kms i am
holy shit
holy
and maybe i was just tryna help put in the good word
its called being a "cock tease"
yea you can
i gotta pack shit
not me nigga
squad up?
it's rigged obv
who won?
R O A S T  M E
[B]avid
ROAST ME
me
roast
david
that sea lion is the troll we always needed
amazing
that gif is just what we all wish we had the balls to do while driving
chat is losing their collective shits
feels so bad man
"god is feeding"
ivern is a cancer champion though i don't blame him
faker is so tilted lul
holy fuck
bullshit
cause their school teaches something that's actually useful
it's unrealistic
if i learned magic in school i'd use it every single fucking day
lemme get my shit together
same?
these are all excellent memes
cancer
sounds terrible
sounds exceedingly gay
new skype?
looks like you&#x27;re gonna have to patrol without me boys
whos mans is that?
riglt lul
double fizz bans
yas sucks
nah
oh that is cool
...
we can get rid of all the cuck champs
hype
at least those were a nice meme
kms
but i don't
4 1350 if you count weaboo poppy
the rest are shit tho
i got super galaxy kindred, blade queen liss and demon vi. what the fuck.
plat elo is boosted as shit
oh you also got the yas jungle
lmfao
like aside from redkind
who the fuck plays kindred in plat?
falsified and homosexual
rip miko
i havent checked mine
lets be real
soul stealer succs
same
yeah just end it all
,
yea
you could be writing a guide for sonic riders
no
playing sonic adventure 2?
good shit
and energized?
u feel rejuvinated
what is this meme
?
that guy is a monster, michael
it tastes good it's just cancerous
i know
im just sayin it tastes kinda fruity
no shit, jett
and fire emblem
cause it and league are the only games that i can think of that sound fun rn
the only thing i could suggest is hollow knight rn
it appears that it is the wORST time to play maplestory
oh right!
you deleted it after the last time?
you could always get coffee
no cause you don't get wasted and that's lame
but drinking it makes you lowkey want to die
it's in this purgatory where it's not undrinkable
and they like pulled it off is the thing
they tried to make it taste like juice
and terribly addictive
actually no it's pretty good
it'd make you feel like shit though
it'd work
piss juice
and tried to make it taste like juice
someone took piss
it tastes like
and eating a slim jim
you could try drinking four redbulls
i know what you mean though
rip you
i'd say squad up, but im at school and im doing some homework
hmm
does that shit get you hyphy?
do you want to play maplestory?
it wouldn't
did you try hot water?
cold water
drink water
actually no
sleep
those came out of nowhere
fucking fidget spinners
i could live without that ya know?
yeah
oh
they're not a thing
respec
as always, solid memes [B]avid
those were the good days
i used to not know what a romper was
maybe the riven was retarded though, who knows
i was able to beat a gold 3 riven
so xayah top works apparently
thats lit
that'll probably rip his dick off though
at least he's dedicated
well
but tbh anything beyond 16 is overkill
with 20 marks you outrange towers
that shit is fucking stoopid
i tried the kindred changes
oh mah god
what the fucl
its like
what did he think was gonna happen?
Fucking retard
hollow knight on the thumbnail (ok) (ok) (ok)
new dunkey video
its bomb af
cause
dominoes? more like BOMBinoes
maybe a ho
u cant be a thot
i dont think thots are capable of getting value like that
2 pizzas for the price of one and a dollar
no prob
for the memes
thats dank
and you cant throw another rock without taliyah
lissandra is bae
yea
imo
lissandra taliyah or heimer
right with the freljord event or whatever
ohhhh
who tf owns sejuani?
sejuani?
um
it would
lmao
alpha as fuck
he&#x27;s alpha
he&#x27;s not a beta anymore
o shit i forgot
im not wasting ip on that cuck champion
fuck no
lmao
ive never played graves tbh

nami is hype
the only champion that i can play competently is complete trash :(
eric lol
that when these kindred changes go through, i&#x27;ll be able to climb so easily
holy shit i just realized
fuckin idiot
boosted as fuck
lmao
lul
y?
thats already terrible
pesto and pineapple
pesto instead of tomato sauce
OH LORD
no it doesnt
yes!!!
ok
you have to get the second
thats fuckin value
1 dollar
sadly i live in san francisco and a 6 hour drive for pizza is kinda nuts
feels good man
am i invited?
wait who&#x27;s dog?
you&#x27;re walking dogs?
theyre gonna have to change surrender at 20&#x27;s name
feels good man
in that they&#x27;re able to make a crowd of kids look like the autistic monkeys that they are.
fidget spinners are amazing
overwatch is a dead meme
u right 9s is a total bitchboi
i cant play
there are like, multiple endings right?
how many times have you played through nier miko?
i dont think its on pbe yet, though
i wanna try this kindred update so bad dude it looks completely retarded
fuck yes.
bro these changes are so busted
lmfao
suck my dick
fuck you
fucking yes
PRAISED BE TO RIOT
YES
YES
the piranha video what the everloving fuck
OH MY GOD
kms
you&#x27;re actually 100% right
and thats including bungee&#x27;s decision to make destiny
that could be the most cancerous decision a company has ever made
holy shit thats complete cancer
that cuck
it wasnt me
who called at 9 in the morning?
gays are fabulous
and the yas is retarded for losing to it
because its retarded
nobody fucking plays yi top
yea
that cuck was also playing lane yi
its glorious
he&#x27;s so toxic tho
hilarious
right, they ban him when he streams?
hell yea
that bald midget?
lol RIP
for a sec i thought you were milo and that sentence meant something totally different
not me
but yea i guess itd work
thats like not the scenereo i was thinking of at all
...
from your ass
spit hot fire
thats a pretty lit power
anus fire
nobody is surprised
its a nice meme
chop suey the song right?
cause both traps and electro music are gay
like what lol
that electro music isnt gay?
whats your argument here michael?
wait
one of the first songs that ever made me want to cut off my ears
that song is a classic
ill start watching lcs when dunkley and sky billiams are on the NA team
feels good man
watch them throw
they just gotta run it down mid
tsm should import faker
old protobelt was the shit
thats way too funny
c l a p p e r
clapp your trapp
clapps
no
cause faker clapps the unclappable
but you cant
how&#x27;d we lose to the most cancer server
wat
at least we&#x27;re not OCE
na sucks
go back
wheres he from?
a fed lee in the mid game fucks a team
automatically
so yea you ban lee
thats retarded
wait why would they not ban lee in that scenereo?
is he only playing lee?
thats dank
no way
no
*dignitas
bring back dyrus
qtpie
being back og dignitoss
sven is a boosted monkey
hahaha
yea kha&#x27;s 1v1 is better than lee&#x27;s
RIP
is this better than retarded bootleg robbie rotten?
i found my new skype picture
hehehehahahaha
his face looks like a ballsack. theres no way he isnt funny
how do you stream summoners war?
ew i knew that game was summoners war
yea who is that cuck
hes a disgusting human being tho
same
please tell me its not
is that fucking summoners war?
jennah already is a trap
that's some 10/10 comedy
i like that jennah is in there
but only because one of them is so right
like there are 3 blatantly wrong answers there
that poll wasn't even a contest
its funny that the gayest thing i've ever read in my life is an argument for why traps aren't gay
well played
...
nah i voted obviously
so did digbo
feelsbadman
they are and they aren't ashamed to admit it
or
the other 45% aren't gay
no
and are trying to hide it
55% of those voters are super fuckin gay
you stupid nigger
traps are gay
same
stream
fuck textbook inflation
fuck textbooks
what the fuck
one of the most cancer things ive ever read
that was
i think its klan
that's a pretty fucking good meme
it's a good name tbh
which is cancer
sometimes it's [B]leo though
but for my dog
same
:(
oh no
WHY
AAAAGH NO
but only if daddy is doing the whipping
so i&#x27;ll take the belt this time
*group
i fuckin hate it when people call the goup chat tbh
even i agreed tbh
a ni[B][B]er
whip me
it was me
im sorry
fml
trample the motherfucker
oh thats fuckin smart
i havent seen a top hecarim tho
plus his base damage for his abilities is massive
charge down bot lane and stun for forever
yea sion sup is dank as fuck
easiest game of my life
funny thing is i was against a yas jg as kindred in my promos the first time
congratulations! you&#x27;re bronze
nice memes, ni[B][B]ers.
racisim ended
feels good man
he got shat on
[B]emes
the fuck you just say ni[B][B]a?
thats some next level shit
that nigga
like it feels like my brain cells rot a bit more every time i see it, but it's fuckin comedy so im mostly ok with it.
i love the [B] meme though
its so cancerous
noah got fucking styled on
aint that right [B]ilo?
the [B] meme is complete cancer
makes me want to kill myself
that second one
ye
thank fuck um moving back to LA this city is the worst
but i decided against it
i was gonna call you guys to show you all the horrors
nvm
and i walked past 4 live traps
i just walked past some crazy ass lookin festival thing
oh god guys
feels bad man
id be down if i wasn&#x27;t busy
never know what kids are into these days
or hype?
gay
kappa
JUST MAKIN SURE EVERYONE KNOWS
TRAPS ARE GAY
FEELS BAD
you're garbage
sexualized wendys
.
you're giving me an aneurism
with the wholesome memes
stop
the skeletor meme is tops tho
and fake
gay
streem meem 2017
stream?
maybe
ayyy fuk yea
ew thats gross
think?
i.
im coming at the end of may?
vape nayshhhh yall
do you vape bro?
the best part of that meme is the license plate
goteem
your prom is gay
or
prom is gay
i like to chill and get drunk and cry
hajahaha
my anaconda dont
eric youre gay
that song is a classic
no
do you got buns?
to your new flying anaconda god
you pray at that point
and i would not fight
its still terrifying
that picture is disgusting
milo kys
sharknado
wings on a shark?
what the FUCK?
when you imagine flying sharks do you imagine wings?
nah nah it just flies
has feathers
no cause a quetzalcoatl
give up
fuck no
itll kill you with boot spur poison
yea totally fucked
if the cobra was chuck norris you&#x27;re fucked just by looking at it
that nigga is hard
DAM
a fuckin cobra dude it doesnt matter what kind
so yea
would YOU fuck with a cobra?
but wait wait
but its a cobra
wait wait
Yes [B]eavy from [B]verwatch
hes taken by the government for testing
impossible to miss
red
and pisses rivers
he shits mountains
*down
put it dowb
shittiest pet
clifford was dank too
clitoris the big red dog
your meme was 10/10
wait milo
YOU LIMP DICK MOTHERFUCKER
ERIC WHY WOULD YOU BRING THAT BACK
NO
would you do that?
why
oh lord
(ok) (ok) (ok) (ok) (ok) (ok)
also that video is some top quality shit
black eyed peas were the slam fucking jam and fuck you if you think anything else
same
ay boys what do? we goin on patrol?
i cant resist the scumbag memes
im on a bus
where are you guys?
im on league
lemme join
its a good suggestion
chundertale is super gay
now im really getting on league
ok salem sucks
league of salem, right?
im on league
what do you mean?
the more the merrier
invite him
: ???
: ?
:?
where are you guys?
im on league
dont care
kys
if you guys let me xayah top
i&#x27;ll get on league
no
with this shit
where do you get off?
stop
*them
and if anyone at all has a dash theres no chance in hell you&#x27;ll hit someone
or backwards lmao
you just walk left
its slow as fuck
the hero we need
this is a kickable offense
feelsgoodman
fat and gay
lmao
crit multipliers are so ridiculous
it feels so good
i love fire emblem&#x27;s crit system
lmao
so i never got to experience the late game henry
henry died rly early on for me tbh
u right
everything is worthless in comparison to rikken tbh
its worthless in comparison to rikken
i mean
i tried to use everyone a little at least
lol
i can forgive no feet when you got tharja
sooo
awakening had tharja tho
feet are important
right right
or the combat models?
the in game sprites right?
lol
...
wasnt fates the one with lucina?
ur fkn me right?
dont know the name of it tbh
*theme
with the weeb theme and the socially acceptable them
the split one
but no the most recent ds game
my statement still stands tbh
ohhhhh
ive actually never downloaded heroes and i never plan to
we goin on patrol?
goof lmao
*good
the one after fates was rly goof
her outfit in the whats it called game
so im good
i havent seen them
jesus
anna is a boss ass bitch
since anna is the shit
if i were a degenerate, my waifu would be anna
different
no i can not im not a weeb
i aint gonna kill you for having a fire emblem waifu
fire emblem is the shit
good
gravity? excuse me? that shit would be spilling all over that dumb bitch
and what the fuck is with the physics of that drink?
actually trash
if its not its completely unacceptable
is that fire emblem?
what a cuck
his name is vayne only plz
totally
never dies
lmfao
team help
team?
not bad
18
you killed samurai jack
why would you post that
w h a t
no rly my phones boutta die cya later
im fuckin dying
dank
patrol and same are the best team substitutes so far
klansmen
(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)(ok)
;(
omg
when shaboi has shit taste and you want everyone to know
its truly a joyous day
graves can have his cigar tho
cya
lmfao
make him run off a rage system that gives him 100% max health damage on his next auto
true damage and 0 mana costs
ik lmao
amirite?
they could always make his w have no cost
lmao
make shurima great again?
plz
yea
the less health will be even more impactful for aps tbh
no more 6000 health monstrocities
and sej with her team stacking point and click stuns
zac will root out all the assassins
yep
theyre still the most fun apparently
oh
*riven
zed yasuo riveb
its just that apparently ad casters are the most fun
tahm shield?
unbench the kench?
tahm?
post nerf zzrot is better than that
if you rush that item you&#x27;re retarded
lmao
it makes your hitbox bigger, right?
like
new zac for sure
or thresh
nautilus
galio or like
corki?
like who?
unless it like
no
oh it rly does
a literal week
oh nice
cause mr items suck dick rn
ive never done that
100%
no
then you just get zed and yasuo top
lol true
you could go kayle too
lulu top
thank you
lissandra : )
or
at least you arent dealing with akali tops
yeah its good shit
brand jungle plz
yep
cass is super strong
i&#x27;ve seen a lot of velkoz for some reason
and velkoz too
orianna
LOL
i love kindred
kindred is trash
kindred &lt;3
dota&#x27;s worse than league
yeah dude fuck ww
ivern is the best jungler
*ivern
amd iverm
i&#x27;d say ww is tier 1
tru
i wouldnt even put nid on that list
yeah theres like 5 good jungle champs
sometimes vayne if youre a cuck
quinn goes top
irelia
lissandra top is such a good time
that works too
just go mages top
that game will never be balanced
praise riot
fuckin gotem?
that robot is african enough
and orisa
LOL
that fuckin bitch
JENNAH SCORED 3222222
LOL RIIIIPPPPP
32!
ps3s were cancerous piles of flegm
in the corner?
a fuckin ps3 controller though?
is that
dank
the succ shitposts have so far been the best on the chat tho
the rest were regular succulents
you only spared him a cactus
nice succ u got there
at least this nigga has his priorities straight
the exact opposite of that?
isnt your life like
thats a classic
play thing thing
world of tanks right?
world of tanks?
league of bimbos?
nice meems
woah wtf my skype messages are all out of order
wait can we all play draw my thing?
imma get to 1000 then never play it again
im on 502 games of salem lol
1v1 me salem
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
FIGHT
FIGHT
^
rip
she was pretty close lmao
you pointed out that i was less than joy
still less m8
fkn 13
less than you
there, happy?
stream?
lmao
4/10
complete cancerous garbage
ikr the new client is unusable
that they were discontinuing the old client
like a while ago
there was a post of it
ew wtf
:3
you like that jew d?
me
10/10
lmfao
hasta luego
cya next time guys
cause my brain is falling apart
im gonna peace out
anyway
wonderous
in like half a second
he fucked that crab up so thouroughly
you couldnt even see
lmao
HOLY FUCK
ya know?
but those were the only ones that mattered
yea
is beyond amazing
this meme
omg
wet&#x27;s better
which is, what my favorite color of wall is
and i cant really find the words tp descripe what i wanna say
everything is super slow
it tastes pretty something or other
W         OOON D E RR
at my favorite color is wonder
cant stop laughing
i fuckin
is
My favorite color of wall
H O L Y
HOLY FUCK
hows it goin?
im on shrooooomssss
this is a once in a lifetime special edition
hey guys
u right
lets go
stream team
please?
???
please?
???
davids gonna stream
i'll actually just do it
kms
there'll be fat mexicans named fucking naruto
why.
no
where the fuck is team?
lmao
is definitely a white girl name
clappy
nice fuckin meme
lmao
kick him forever
kick that fucking cuck
yea see
forever is a good amount of time
idk
forever
*him
kick hi
(hearthands)
shut the fuck up or get kicked parsa
i think same has always been the best word tbh
team where are you?
nope
same
stream?
idk i'd say that's pretty close to a fire hydrant
a bachlorette
oh lol
a tree?
a fire hydrant?
if not a mom
what is the closest approximation to what your mom is?
wait milo
i had a dad
it's already a thing
gender studies?
YES
i can't respect the cucks who fuck traps knowingly
i can respect traps
h o l y fuck please don't
as long as you don't know.
if you don't know you're clear
that's like saying anal sex with a dude isn't gay because you aren't touching his dick.
it's a trap because it looks like a girl
it's not a trap if it doesn't look like a girl
you lagged out my skype
same
(heston)
he isn't cool and he will judge
except eric
we won't judge
or you can take it like a man and be gay, we're all cool dudes here
if you get fucked by a shemale tho, that's a different story
and go fuck a shemale
take comfort in your 10% not-gayness
just with a shemale it's 90% gay and with a trap its 100%
it's still gay
that said
*isn't anything you can justify it with
there isn't anything you can justify it that wouldn't make you completely delusional.
a trap is a dude who pretends to be a chick
you put woman first there
a shemale is a woman with a dick
for instance
there's a difference in how you can think about it
but lets play a few rounds and see if it won’t shit itself and die
ngl, rn my connection is about 30 times worse than it normally is
aight gimme a sec to get some water
or so
im down in an hour
i just got this
?
that works
lmfao
Buy more skins faggot.

❤️ Riot.
Your Azir is dog-tier.

❤️ Riot.
can you base it on what champion he’s playing?
Are you trying to fuck with him or make him feel like riot loves him?
im outside
busy
fuck november i just want september
very cool
well he's on the 5th draft
his progress tracker thing is actually very cool
oh i hadn't ever seen sanderson's website since then
damn
second was skybreaker by 1 point?
but i's probably cause i memed some answers and put them at 100 when they werent
i was fully expecting windrunner ngl
my second best was windrunner
nigga i just said that
the gayest one, feelsbad
xd
lightweaver
what'd you get
alright
sure
i missed that last night
oh
eh idk who is
oh sweet
yeah
and i'll build my character accordingly
if you're running a game set it where you want
no clue
cause those are really the only two options worth a damn
and go into cs
or get motivated enough about money to actually learn to code or something
he's just gotta figure out what he likes enough to do and do that
i've tried to have this talk with him before but he was not agreeable to it then and i doubt much has changed.
probably adds up to a massive storm of "wow this shit sucks."
cause even jett's in there fuckin getting high and working out.
and there's nothing and nobody around to like distract him from these facts
so when people talk about self improvement during the quarantine, and he realizes he's just been playing videogames and reading summoner's war chat
anything he's passionate about to work on
im assuming milo wouldn't like it because of the friend thing and the fact that he doesn't have like
parsa wouldn't like it because his school is just shitting in his mouth
which im assuming is what he really wants
he just can't go outside and hang with friends
he can totally just go outside
and i think milo's missing the point
wtf is there not to like
and the govt gives me free money
i don't have to do shit
quarantine is the best
cause like i can see the signs clear as day, but 
like himself?
did milo say he has depression?
i see
as in miles is dm?
wants to run a game?
feels bad that i didn't get to play battlefield control wizard
i was gonna do that in yours
we've yet to play a game with a wizard that has been played right
a metal staff/wand maybe
atium does rival 9th level spells
oh you know what
something to rival 9th level spells
i'd give him a better capstone
especiallly at later levels
like
imo it's more like if this guy was in a party with a wizard he's gonna have to put up with major penis envy
you rarely see that come out of homebrew
which is cool
all in all, just looking at it i'd say the class is underpowered though
yeah, that seems like a way lower level ability
aside from that it's fine
which is kinda weird
on a hexblade
its like better bard skills
i think rioter and soother specifically are a little unbalanced
actually they're just slightly more limited than warlock spellslots
and those are severely limited
flares and surges are like actual spells
i mean it's invocation damage for the most part so it makes sense
spell slots are big gay
so long as you take short rests you've got power all day long
that's warlock for you
but i like warlock tier
i'd say it's definitely a warlock-tier class
and by sorcerers
they're outclassed in utility by wizards
but damage isn't everything
their damage potential is dog-tier without magic items
they're more annoying than anything
super strong
well i can't say it's like
*lot
but still that's asking a fucking lt
he'd have to jump like 10 feet
he wouldn't need to jump 20 feet to hit you 
and doesn't stay static at 10 feet
but your jump goes to 20 feet at level 5
and fuckin slap you
im saying he can jump up there
oh
his strength is gonna be ridic
but he's a barbarian
you can sorta hover out of range
yeah
not at level 5
because you can barely hit him
i mean i think fighting a 100hp barbarian as a party of allomancers would be a really interesting bossfight
it's target enemy control
battlefield control
and the thing is the utility isn't like
we need less damage in the game
kind of like that
yeah i actually
and at that point the options are tied
sorry 17
until level 14
so assuming you don't roll hot garbage and you get 5 in either str or dex then hitting them with your stick will be an objectively better option
yeah you get rapiers and longswords
oh yeah i see
it seems like allomancer is a melee focused support class
it doesn't look like coinshot does any damage?
yeah i can see that
fuck coinshot its an objectively worse option
you get medium armor
since the progression isn't tied to stats
double dipping doesn't matter
i mean you still get to use allomancy since
your main stat is whatever weapon you choose
a physical stat monster, specifically
but that means that lategame you'll be a monster
it means your progression is fixed and scales according to the game
since it means you don't have to sacrifice stats in other areas in order to focus on being good at the thing that your class was designed around
im not sure i actually like the allomantic ability modifier thing
hmm
no
i can barely read it tbh
brandon sanderson and his convoluted ass magic systems strike again
the main chat?
frankly it's incredibly gay
they're exacerbating the existing situation with their greed and their chimpness
like i give a fuck about george floyd
why do all these niggas think im the one out here looting
was just outside
today
lul
what the fuck ever
but
i told her that was not cool
landlady's been bringing in people to check out the rooms literally every other day
ngl i wouldn't come within 40 feet of this place
it really wasn't parsa this whole time
yeah
at least since before 4pm
i'm actually 100% sure that milo was stewing on this for hours
oh
*fellowship
run it for your friends
and that's that
i've decided that im not gonna care if they're not gonna care
and this is the third time it's happened in 3 weeks
every time it happens
every time it happens
this shit puts a massive cork on my fucking day
yeah lets go
Was making dinner
i mean in person
i don't mean in games
fucking hilarious
it's
tbh i fucking really enjoy seeing him get mad
My enjoyment isn't really dependent on what they're doing. Though, personally, I do like parsa being there, just cause his dumb fire and vitriol for no good reason thing doesn't bother me.
im a self-centered motherfucker
idgaf what they do
my take?
that's my primary method of communication with girls and it works
xd
and then message an ^ in the morning or something
but might as well leave them a wall of text that they cant reply to
they're definitely not awake
i meaan
do it
regardless
he was alright. i have way less problems with him than i do with anything else
nevermind
hm
and i was playing the most dickheadish character
i mean all of us were playing dickhead characters
is that he's hm
my one problem as a player with collin 
but jett doesn't give a fuck in general so
neither does jett
miles doesn't give a single fuck about them
it doesn't solve the townspeople thing
and im gonna give them some reason to care about the townspeople
im just gonna make them flesh out their backstories more
it's not like a negotiable thing, you're the dm you choose who plays in your game.
"I can't run with parsa in the party, so im gonna kick him out again, sorry."
just say
that i noticed really needed to happen
because im gonna do two things
let me run 1 session
and we can't rely on milo to tard wrangle jett cause a milo doesn't want to. and b, milo's just in it to meme, and jett falling asleep mid session is a massive fucking meme
and he smokes a bowl that's way to heavy for him and he falls asleep
cause even when the story revolves around him, he's not interested
frankly idk what to do about jett
idk it's a pain
yeah
the nor-cal weebs just don't talk
my game had the opposite problem as soon as parsa left
which means that the party doesn't ever shut the fuck up either
he never shuts the fuck up during the game
in that
especially when im not playing
i think the dude has a particular merit to him
i mean also fair
lol
specifically, parsa hates combat
and he likes particular parts of the game a lot more than others
but he's a particularly shitty beast
2-3 times before settling on a character he likes
he will almost always switch like
i think you just have to let him switch
with parsa
but i don't particularly want the dnd to stop, because fuck if my weeks aren't boring as fuck without it.
just say so
if you want to play/take over at any time
again
idk
and then
and them invest them through their characters
im gonna see if i can get them more invested in their characters first
we'll see
not showing up bit is really not pog
yeah the 
parsa didn't need it but he was too in character
cause we really only needed that for milo, and me and jett and miles
great
and shit like that
ooc penalties
if they're just starting out don't include all the uh
and maybe
where you let them know how to play and what to do
make sure to do a session 0 with them
nice
are you planning on running this for your roomates still?
truly is the big cancer
yeah
but im still gonna need to spend some time next week making maps for the desert and stuff
along with almost all the maps from campaign one
amonzako and his statblock are actually in there
cause why not
and then maybe throw a balor at them
cause i don't really give a fuck
to feed their characters whatever they want
im just gonna do my best
yeah
and if they have anything shitty to say
just gonna improvise every session
im literally
here's how im gonna do it
is?
do you want to be a player or nah?
alright
why?
?
fuck her tho.
oh god it's the huntress
or
is it that old fuck?
the full ones?
glad i got my question answered
w/e
true
that motherfucker.
so you're saying i'd be 2 if jett had leveled?
good system
oh i see
oh
already am.
mostly cause there's no fuckin way im boutta roll a new lvl 1 pc when everyone else is level 3
playing it safe is the new motto for this guy.
i wasn't expecting to stray far
big poggers
now i can just say im not there whenever important decisions need to be made and i can let them burn down their town and take no responsibility for the outcome
man im gonna be spending like 90* of my time farming ingredients
alright that was the only question i had.
im a fan
nice
10 damage per round?
so 2 applications and failed saves would be
like
does alchemist's acid stack?
stupid question
hey
i assume my guy doesn’t know shit about ships
albatross 
i think 3 guards
ok
depends on you
maybe
i mean
or more specifically for me?
for the mayor?
can i bring guards?
and
ishi
spirit sage
rolled a d2 for it
it's a tossup between spirit sage and kei shirogane
uh
lemme check the notes again
oh
and by trip do you mean to the avocado grove thing? cause i had assumed none of them
?
but what exactly are you letting us bring
gimme alchemy ingredients
i mean
why am i picking that
huh?
?
im washing my hands of this for the next week
alright, character done
you can't even smite with a bow
why was he not in that meat?
WHAT?
wait he's a fucking paladin?
at least my massive douchenose character had the courtesy to go and get himself offed
but so did i so i can't really talk shit
parsa did make another massive douchenose character.
and he's had the best luck out of all of us
jett's character slaps pretty damn hard
that'll definitely be a 2v2 to see, though
i just want to know where that sunken ship is so i can go diving for Important Guild Paraphernalia 
i pick no sides and will help whoever convinces me
okay.
haha
cause he's a monglet dragon and he wants to fit in
socialites and the like
but as a character he gets really jealous of people who shine when put in the spotlight
he'd eventually become loyal to either ulmo or genichiro
and then that crocodile's death would keep him interested in the rest of the island
and then that crocodile's death would keep him interested in the rest of the island
Learning of said captain's adopted crocodile
He'd just be looking for a lost shipment that one Captain Bronsoir Grut had been carrying. But the captain never arrived and nobody has reported seeing his ship for the past 9 months.
well he wouldn't be related to dundee at all.
he'd be a dundee apologist
cause i hate leaving loose threads
either that or i tie it into dundee's backstory
and deliver like wilting flowers
she'd read hayasaki on a report and think "oh, Rei's house" should do them right
Would a doomer Penny reasonably know that?
hayasaki?
by giving gifts and stealing back lost things
and most things are just excuses to form better relations between penny's house and other noble houses
in recent years the DC thieve's guild has stopped doing really anything important. gambling rings, smuggling for the petty nobles, sham robberies that are more like practice than anything else
Could he have a thieve's guild mission to go and bring a consolation gift or something to Fukui Hayasaki
i was gonna add something
Oh sweet
im just tryna subvert the usual expectations
doesn't fucking leave
neglects all her kids, is a general massive waste of space
could call her a fucking doomer boomer, if you're so inclined
im gonna turn immortalized penny into a really really bored, depressed and drugged out veteran
im gonna turn immortalized penny into a really really bored, depressed and drugged out veteran
who decided on a whim to go and have 20 kids and name them after the people she used to travel with
if you don't have any qualms about it
it's really fucking fun
this is great
ngl im aboutta use my backstory to make fun of everyone's old characters
i spent 1 gold for that
except the censer
for the stuff that didn't have prices like the dragon's blood poison i spent 10 gold
i spent money on all of it
all his equipment can be found on the dnd beyond equipment page
so
alright
xd
tiefling disguise
main guy
js
20 different disguise self tokens
with like
im gonna roll in on this boat
yeah
yeah
and will continue to not say shit
i haven't said shit about it though
nice
everyone's really suspicious of helena
ngl i had hoped you were gonna do that
LUL
LUL
fucker
thanks very much
i'll go ahead and take that -2 honor deficit for snitching
ok
i see
personally i think it helps the group immensely
what do you mean having obscene amounts of money that i hoarde and don't ever share with anyone doesn't help the group?
and once more take advantage of your shadow mechanics to be better than everyone else in just about every way
as the only alchemist my second character will kick ass
it's fine
i think this might be the only time where he plays a decent person
like one after another
jett has a history of playing undependable motherfuckers
and by more i mean much much fucking more
and by probably i mean definitely
listen i probably trust lynelle more than i trust "from slave to master in three easy steps" the character
i mean
i don't think so
also is keeping penny alive REALLY the greater good.
i didn't actually think that lynelle's morals are questionable
house gloom?
lemme go back through the records
i mean 
where else would i go?
are there other ones?
jett's character, nigger black 
what the fuck am i talking about
actually i do
so, no i don't know any powerful evil wizards
that said syvanna also hates me
and maybe syvanna were i to go and dedicate a good portion of my life to helping her attain that lichdom she so desperately wanted
maybe vyrmias could do it with a bit of enticement
aside from that
but i don't trust her to not make copies of my soul
mihara
uhhh
repeat this ad infinitum
essentially, find a decently powerful wizard with questionable morals who wants to live forever with me, then whenever i get old, i cast magic jar on myself and a child that would have been abducted or found worthy of being guild material. put child's soul into a jar, put my soul into the body.
and of course finding someone to cast it for me
it involved the most evil usage of the spell magic jar possible
were you to let us write our own endings
were you to let us write our own endings
i didn't tell you the plan i had
penny 2
penny 2
vyrmias and penny
good idea
oh
just gonna go ahead and ruin milo's whole character
lucia
and
vyrmias
my next character is a green dragonborn decendant of vyrmias
i got it
ok
and im hopefully gonna break that record
currently my fastest int is the end of the first session
i said session 1
and expects session 2
he knows my plans
i made a bet with milo
idk
since i don't know what happened
death/exile
who was the old governor
he's interested in seeking out karmic revenge for the death of his second father figure
in any of that
dundee isn't interested
dude i've literally been telling you for 3 weeks now that my first pc is a murderhobo and im gonna hard int
i'm making an alchemist
when dundee inevitably gets murderfucked to hell for his transgressions
alright
see that sounds dank
ok
i see
cause otherwise i doubt people will use or make them
i think these consumable items oughta be buffed
and a single target 1d10 per round for acid
for alchemists fire
why not an aoe 1d4 per round?
als im saying is
the difference is that it doesn't have the dot effect
 Standard Action. Toss the vial up to 20ft. It shatters and all creatures within 10ft must succeed a DC 12 Dex save or take 1d10 fire damage, halved on success. *Can be made into ammunition

yeah
since it doesn't remain in the area
that's a nerf to alchemist's fire btw
this size is good though
i hate that shit, personally
fine for you
i mean unless you have boomer eyes
it's fine
zooming to 75% is literally the difference between 12 size font and 9 size font
idk
it just takes up the entirety of my screen.
expanding the thing i can see it all
i mean
ok
and you get to feel smarter than them
they'll open it and say "what the fuck" and then you say zoom out 4head
so i don't see the problem
i can just reduce the zoom and have a manageable tab
still
so now it takes up my whole screen
right
i reduced the zoom to about 75% and it was fine
but
i dont know what you even did
no
5/6ths of effect
if i spread the thing across my entire screen
yeah that shit don't fit
k
added rules
jett's monk will likely be team glue, if not him then i have to do it.
but dysfunctional is good
it's gonna be dysfunctional as fuck
great.
with the staff
do an interview section
go a full the office route
there's a way to make that cold open good.
i don't have anything in particular.
and yeah that.
just do whatever you're going to do.
so
i asked parsa about it and it seems he doesn't care about that anymore
anyway
if i bite a dude's leg off he better not say "thank you mr. crocodile"
there better be
the former would be kinda gay
im totally ready for the latter
or fight and die
switch characters?
a truly unbeatable strategy
fucking lmao
and saying "hey we've got a serious population crisis, when are you gonna do something about this"
by eating people
into expanding the town and getting more people
Im gonna pressure this guy
hahah
so he eats farmers
and doesn't know how to deal with complex emotions
now that the old governor is gone he's acting out cause he's sad
and got taken in by the previous governor because he was generally pretty nice
it probably won't be tied to the lore because my whole concept of this character was that he washed up on the shore of this island after a shipwreck
i'll write a backstory eventually
omegafuckinglul
that can sever immortal souls from their host bodies?
mortal blade
is he looking for some sort of
oh
very ironic
fucking incredible memery
honestly
especially when he only ever plays characters that were ripped straight from other games
hell yeah.
and the people journal
yes
lots of drugs
yeah.
if drinking fucking blood is a drug then
because i know what im planning to do to this wonderful list of stuff that you've left in the journal
parsa is preparing you for the worst
it's probably good that you let that happen to you
im already excited.
my expectations are going to be met
this game im going in expecting to eat farmers and get legitimately punished for it. both in the narrative and in the mechanics.
and i expected that nobody else would, so when i got rewarded for that i felt satisfied.
and i made shitloads of stonks because i played the meta game that you had built and nobody else did
and i was okay with that because i got to imagine how it was in my head and that was better
for instance gestalt i expected to spend most of my time and thought building a business that we didn't see in game
me i have expectations based on what im going to do and what i want to do
he wants things to be good and fun and he wants an environment where everyone can get into character and not meme around
the difference is parsa actually wants his expectations met
we just don't say anything
we do
eh
i stopped in you were playing league
you were in call with him for less than an hour
what exactly happened?
nigger
can't VC either
yeah
but enough to not be able to duck game
a little
kinda busy
im not taking nature
do i get free nature proficiency?
ok
he wasn't raised by lizardfolk
as far as i've come up with his backstory so far
my guy aint gonna be much good at anything except killing people
if you put me in charge of this, things will go horribly for everyone involved
im not playing penny
and wildlife
hows about i was the advisor of mechanical engineering
aint hunting
literally waiting for something to put its foot in my mouth so i can eat it
hard disagree
cause they're chad like that
and then they just eat
they hide in the mud and wait for food to come close enough for them to taste it
i mean crocodiles don't hunt
im a gunslinger, not a druid
no
and he walked in and asked for a job like everyone else
his job was to growl at people who had race-related issues until they left.
advisor of racial equality
been on the isles ever since
shipwrecked near hakone
otherwise i can flavor him as a former pirate
unless you wanna make my crocodile the mayor
none
ok
oh
oh we're in hakone?
lets go
cpt proves true once again
well
im good in 5
you said the words
fuck
also im drawing shit rn
im sworn off league
what game?
what the fuck
aight
that shit over
duck game
ok
lmfao
no
yeah
parsa, kevin and his chucklefuck friends
rn
jackbox
im playing
no
at mihara's place
i gave him the frost elemental hearts to do it
yet
he didn't have that
oh no
with his uh
i thought kaede had the gloves
winter gloves?
kaede, uh
idk what else he wanted
i thought jett got the arm?
i mean
yuh
maybe
im makin food rn
ic oof
if it doesn't require a call i can tho
im currently kinda busy
lucia def needs con
fair
what do you mean?
?
this staff and him are gonna have a very tumultuous relationship
and we know how milo be
yeah
maybe this will make milo commit
i mean fuck it
that's huge
idk the fact that lucia gave up all her other shit for this, it should be strong
ic
absolutely not
yeah fuck no
nvm modify memory is a 5th level spell that's gonna be expensive as fuck to cast 20 times
OH
the giants do be dank
we can go wherever
get an eyefull of all the heads im gonna line my gates with once i own this city
yes
that'd be a good point to see the ah, state of the land
js
oh cool
inviting all nobles that want to come free of charge
since im planning on doing a grand reopening of the establishment
there's definitely a session that could be made during this timeline
and level us with that
throw a big monster at the boat at sea
or
just wait like 2 sessions
nah
big pog
with natalie i think i want her there if anything. more friends in high places.
otherwise I can help him get his family out to Nihon, give him a care package or something
im not gonna tell him that im gonna spoil him, but if he decides to come back I probably will
im not gonna tell him that im gonna spoil him, but if he decides to come back I probably will
it's his call
natalie can do what she wants, so long as she remembers she’s always got connections in ol daggercourt. If Silas has people waiting on him in Daggercourt I could get them over to him. Least I can do. But he can’t be a thief with no hands. Just doesn’t work like that.
good for natalie, rough for silas, no hands its up to him if he wants to come home or not
cool
i see
good luck with the rona
and the rest of the guild is promoted and demoted according to their various merits as sovereign citizens of the unsavory sort
everyone in the petty is granted the promotion to operative if they want to take it, otherwise they're blackcaps.
cause she won't change a damn thing
which means she'll be the best at it.
she's the most invested member i know who im also pretty sure doesn't want it.
eh i'd probably have it be gale
very not pog
exactly
so he's out
pretty sure nathaniel hagan aint my friend anymore
i don't trust any of these cunts, especially not chip
fuckin question
good
lul i aint doing that, i'd be managing the guild while they do that
that ARENT mimics
that ARENT mimics
over the course of 5 months, without like compromising the day to day duties of the guild, could i source and capture 20 changelings/people with natural shapeshifting/polymorphing ability?
so one quick question before i decide on anything
ok
kms
sticks and water
nice hints, my guy
One captured thrall babbled on and on about Pure Silver being the key, that lesser metals cannot form the Runes. Strangely, the thrall also mentioned sticks and water?
im retarded
but that doesn't work apparently
i tried removing it from just your journal and clicking show to players
im retarded
i think i fixed it
lemme try and fix that
oof
oh you cant see it?
i thought it was based on the type of dragon you chose
how many elemental affinities did you take?
yeah they’re spells
as of rn theres an npc captaincies and crew but if you tell everyone in the party that you’re the captain now, and they don’t contest you hard enough you’ll be the captain
yeah you're travelling on it
aight
elementals are propelled by rings of fire
standards are propelled by sails and thrusters
standards are propelled by sails and thrusters
do you want a standard airship or an elemental airship?
im gonna do a session 1 tonight
but not at first
the second session
maybe if this thing survives past like
honestly circle probably won't be as useful
that's pretty useful tbh
also
i gotta know what everyone's characters are
artificiers are a big thing there and they’ve got a half decent level of technology 
you don’t need to know much about the setting, but the races are pretty cool
gonna take me like 20 mins
some shit first 
gotta finish
not yet
im cutting a few corners 
intro session should be quick and im using a high level scenario that i’d thought up for my other campaign so
truuuust
no april fools shit, trust
could even start it tonight 
should be like 3-4 sessions max depending on how much you guys fuck around
should be like 3-4 sessions max depending on how much you guys fuck around
very simple
alright im gonna use eberron, you’ll be like level 10, with an airship, kicking ass, taking names, you get tipped off that theres a guy with a huge bounty on him hiding out in the desert so you’re gonna try and capture him
i'll pitch it tomorrow
i got a sick idea
if you want a shortish campaign on wednesdays i can run one.
if you want a shortish campaign on wednesdays i can run one.
3:25 most creative time of the day
i got it
ok
ye
i mean it's missing a few of the op races
pretty sick
except statted out
its literally the entire brandon sanderson cosmere
oh
i didn't get the chance to look at that doc you sent
sure
lmao
in which case i'll fuckin keep pushing for it
unless you want to show off the world you spent time desinging
or we can skip it
basically
whatever i can do to get another guild promotion
i just wanted to make guild connections in kator
basically
that aint bad at all
all that makes it average at 34
i forgot about the cloak
at least not in the chat
nobody responded to it
we can go there after
eh
that aint bad
i mean the sword+sneak attack averages at 22 and caps at 38
need to upgrade that establishment so i can make some more idling money.
xd
only a year
xd
if i don't give that away too yeah.
but
not that 34 is the average
34 damage that isn't resisted for the most part aint that bad
hurray.
fucking
i'll hold off on upgrading the inn and do that then
alright
want this done like just in time for us to arrive
im cheap im not paying more than 2
ok
YIKES
ok
oh
or a d6
a d4 would be better tho
like i'd be happy with +1 cold damage
just enough to get in there
doesn't need to be a lot
cold damage
i'll just contract it out to a spellcaster
shit.
oh right
oh we know hanneman
vyrmias isn't a spellcaster
i mean
contracting
dumbass fire and ice theme with the weapons
go for some
can i get my normal rapier enchanted with the remaining frost elemental hearts?
oh
2 months
we have 3 weeks right?
hmm
so it'll still be resisted
oh
i ask vyrmias
so uh
gotta double check with an angent of hell to be sure that missy pennyworth will work as my true name or if it's some extra bullshit
it can be enchanted later
i just wanted my name forged into it
idk how i'd magificate it
would it not already have the +2 from the steel?
not forging the dam thing
wait the aluminum tools are for masterworking it
no.
also I guess i'm gonna have to drop the mace thing for now. too busy to have to also think about murdering all of house gloom.
see who they know
or better yet i'll just ask the fucking guild.
well is there a smith we know with the tools?
oh
thousand gold tool
fucking
another thousand gold at least?
i assume his tools will cost like
we have bamdul
weapon weight is scaled way down across the board tho
yeah me neither
cool
so 100 platinum should be 2 pounds worth of infernal steel
and dnd coins are supposedly 0.02 pounds
a rapier is 2 pounds
i did the math
aight
also for the summoning, is that platinum worth the weight of the metal or platinum that is the weight of the metal
If I write Yumiko and ask what the fuck happened will she respond?
yikes dog.
uh
alright i got the downtime planned out. Week 1 i want to try conjuring enough infernal steel for a sword, buy bamdul's tools and have him forge it, weeks 2 and 3 im gonna try to bust Mace Meyers out of the Hresvelg house on my lonesome. If that has a serious chance of failure i probably won't though.
xd
ancient greek breath of the wild, sign me the fuck up
but im thinking that when it comes to ancient greek stuff that gods and monsters game is gonna be sick as fuck
origins almost sold me with that ancient egypt shit
that is true
pretty dank
now alexios is ultra chad?
i know that the last time they did the brother/sister pc thing they wacked off the girl the entire game and she was way better
the mcs
right
oh
alexios?
and 4 was just good cause of the guns and gunswords
ngl i did play ac 2 and brotherhood as a fucking psycho with a hammer and had a lot more fun
i don't mind it
so
that part was massively gay
or creedy
it's hilarious that assassins creed is no longer very assassiny
i think
wtf
or just
like cone of arrows?
what?
or like
spins?
like
wait there are aoe abilities?
thats fucked
that said, it's a ubisoft game, ofc it does
i didn't even know it had dlc
ic
the extra shit dlc?
yeah
but the sale is pretty tempting
idk if i'd have bought it full price
pretty good
the most reliable soource of damage
gravity is always
lmao
surprisingly retarded
thats
can they not just swim?
i liked the black flags shit where it just happened for you
the combat makes me unhappy
enjoy ac odessy
well
yeah
i'll ask
huh
ok i'll procure him the tools
hmm
unless i can offer him something else
unfortunately
bamdul is keeping the spear so i've gotta summon some more metal
to forge it right
oh right
could i have them make a gun out of infernal steel?
actually wait
eric how much did you say it would cost to summon the infernal steel for a rapier?
get in here
duck game
ok he's on
yeah
jett's moving his computer
he's not studying he's just taking the test
still retarded
yeah
but
classes don't end i guess
jetts doing a final
sounds like a plan
it's big gay
games don't start
pbe's broken
what game?
nigger.
just made dinner gotta clean my pans n shit
gimme a sec
ok
and i get the feeling that if there is one in kator, it'd be in avaris
so we'd need to find a different circle first
oh
we know the teleportation sigil for daggercourt, right?
oh wait
i see
thanks for the lore
cool
in those days it's either that or shove a coat hanger in there to get rid of the ugly fucker 
i mean fuck, i don't blame him
left town as soon as he found out he got someone pregnant
yeah def
feels single mom, man.
lmao
yeah cause she gave her memories of her dad to the dragon
trying to con the group into doing things for me again
xd
maybe that's how i'd present it.
any leads on metallics we have are worth chasing
this here might be it.
ah shit now that i think about it lautrec needs a metallic rune for his sword, huh.
and that means you'd know what it is
you can't use your rune unless you unlock it
no that's not the case
oh right i forget that he was a dumbass commoner
maybe keep a watch to see if they find glorfindel
idk
i can only assume that this means mace meyers wasn't very honest with his old gang
considering i don't know the doctor
Not that they were going to
She'd tell them not to tell anyone about it for now.
she'd probably just keep it a secret
*now
can't do nothing about it right no
thats a fucking yikes.
oh
when she takes an original what happens to our boy moonsliver?
oh moonsliver isn't even an original hexblade?
yeah free.
oh
the most any other family has is 2 right?
4 in one family, yeah
yeah true
oh
run up to their house, kill the heads collect the swords.
we're working with an assassin so we just gotta go with what she knows best
and then fuck up those other houses
so we gotta sail to the lesser islands
that makes sense
alright
oberlyn but no biggie
unless it's supposed to be me
fucking forgot who lady ordelia is
i also
also
ok
Nathaniel has a nephew in hakone?
better than being surprised
if they're not gonna die then yeah
oh
idk id have them play it safe since i cant help them
thats not good news
alright
and to see what nathaniel wants to do with this hakone princess thottie
to see if the petty found out anything more about mace myers
over the course of the ride could i have written to nathaniel and the petty?
gotta do what we gotta do
still
yikers.
oh
also nathaniel's loan is paid off.
that may be a thing of the past?
oh wait so the thing about him getting old and potentially supplanted
k
oh fuck me i didn't even think about that.
all according to plan
get nathaniel set up as guildmaster and take over daggercourt.
then i can set up a lil guild branch in hakone to start some paralegal trade
esp if she's just gonna give us the dagger afterward
honestly i'd rather everyone come around
w/e
but that's fine
rune memory with all the other nobles
i liked the idea of having to hide them and play like
yeah it kinda blows
ok
i won't even mention it to them
well then i wont rally the people into killing her
yeah it's not multiattack
oh nvm
attack action
a haste action is an extra multiattack for him
by carving out his minor and replacing it with this one
actually lautrec would probably benefit the most
and kaede doesn't want one
well bamdul def wants one
oh i thought it was 1 major 2 minor
but i have room for one more
ik
like i want those runes real bad
we literally just want to murder for her runes
you designed a character that 
that
so you realize
k
lmao
sounds good.
then lynelle and the paladin?
i get the feeling milo will stick to her like glue
it depends on the girl
pretty clear
I like having combat fall apart at the first hint of crowd control
but i don’t care about what makes us better
i think the one thing this party doesn’t need is more damage
hmm
i’d market penny, but a walking caricature of a dirty jew is not great. Lucia has more moral relativism than Penny does, Kaede’s half rarted and Bamdul doesn’t even wear shoes.
no
edgy teenager with an anime sword
no
cause you know we don’t have anyone else that can fulfill that role
could become our brand image
i think we could probably market the paladin
she doesn’t seem profitable
but like
see the more you say about the hakone lady the more i think we’d be good friends
Kill her and mount her horns on my ship, I mean our ship
Oh, gay
the hakone noble probably got some connections to that nation’s seedy underbelly
yeah seems like all penny’s type
maga
we gotta make arentius great again
also with arentians because
lynelle is a hard maybe apparently nobody but kaede likes her, I’d be down to clown with hakone dignitaries 
fuck it sure
uhh
im not at my place
? kinda i'm nearly done.
cause i do cause that'd be funny.
i'll just play the game like i want the doppleganger to win
fair
so i guess i just wont calculate health
cause of the healing passive
but if a fight breaks out my rune will give it away
i think i could do a very convincing job of both
are we dealing with a fucking doppleganger?
yes
uh
then i shoot myself in the head
one game
i’ll play
k
yeah not scuffed
cause if they did i don't know them and i think it's not scuffed
or did they have other names
and renekton?
nasus
azir
as in
uhhh
doesn’t make for good scenes though
downhill arrows are op
yeah def
raining arrows are slow because they’re being fired upward
well not rly
well
true
yeah
raining arrows is way overdone
at least i think
its a more dramatic encounter to try and storm a hill while being pelted by a firing squad with nothing but a sword and a shield
more fun
yeah
i can attack twice with a d8 bow or i can bust out the boomstick and go buck fucking wild
its flavoring
the point isn’t dps
d10s add up
a gunslinger isn’t right without a jam on a nat 1
i honestly like it
the one matt mercer used?
or just short stories 
are the stories connected by an overarching narrative?
also wtf
cool
idk what that is
no
second route ties to your lore better
idk up to you
thatd be cool
but loading property means that it can only be fired once per turn
i figure ammo and black powder is expensive, too
i mean worth though
i see
the gat is mostly for the surprise attack
hard range nerf?
sweet
im gonna spend my money, only question is how much are you gonna charge me to use the tailor for 3 classy as fuck dresses, and one suit that looks something like this
alright
ye
thats fine
for the sneak attack
cause my 3d6 becomes 6d6
its way more dps for me
but im rogue i need crits
it is
400g tier 1 600g tier 2
im reading it
so that's 1k in materials, right?
i'd rather just tier 2 it anyway
ok
what about masterworking a rapier?
arright
aw fuck our box friend is a demon too
k
how much would one of those cost me?
actually a rapier made of infernal steel is way better
how much would you charge me for a +1 rapier
alright i've been going over it
yea
im currently out drinkin
no league
im an hour late anyway
oh
i can't
lmao
but like i don't think he wants to come back anyway
up to him
idk
can make a killing off of kidnapping if we need to
the potential it has for keeping hostages alone is huge
basically
yep
and the mirror is kinda perfect for that
and im currently in more of a basebuilding mindset, than i am a dps mindset
cause i liked it more
it's not all bad
we can loan him the pen sword or something
esp since he afk'd
jett's got dog dps
yeah nah he's fucked
AH
or something
we're supposed to teleport into the middle of their town in order to flex on them
jett has rage too
actually the teleporting thing is supposed to be a power play in the psychological warfare game
oh
so we've gotta cover his dumb ass
but im pretty sure jett's tryna fight
me neither
and i was chill with it
but everyone jumped on it
which is kinda retarded
but i think milo's thought process was he wanted to surprise attack it
that does make sense
yeah
idk
he paces slow as hell
and we've been through like 5 major events
we've only leveled up to four
well a month after it
which started like a few weeks after dark empire
i know in kevin's thing
but idk you could ease into it
i don't think they'd mind
you can make the events longer
sounds good
lmao
who has no idea why he's not in celestia and is instead on our plane
ok yeah that'll blow some minds if we walk into a random butt ass naked aasimar on our way out of jett's village
star things falling out of the portal?
were those those uh
right
oh those were aasimar?
what a pain in the ass
and i forgot the beanstalk is still fuckin there
i did notice that he's still alive apparently
yep
or have velain traveling with us
but that won't work till we get to daggercourt
you could give milo leads through the church
i mean
as i've been doing so far
i mean i just gather your leads and present them to the group
maybe
the bonuses will probably convince them
yeah probably
esp when milo doesn't bring his retainer with us
but it's difficult
i wanna try to get the rest of them in on this stronghold shit
well cool
rumors and stuff come by default, but like specific things i gotta pay for
but yeah
so as a level 1 establishment i can only pay 100 for a +1 but it goes up with level
AH
that's what the book says apparently
and intel gathering checks or whatever
its payment to gain bonuses to spying checks
oh
but that costs like 400-600 gold
or spread information
it gets rumors and can gather information as a stronghold action
yeah
what do you think would happen as punishment?
alright if i decided to fake my identity and name my house House Moash
ok great
i love it
that's fuckin hilarious
i added a section to the treasury handout too
currently all the calculations are sitting in my character sheet
yep
whatever we earn from morozov hasn't happened yet
i don't want to account for money that isn't in currently under my purview yet
and 25 gp left for me.
150 for sabah
actually that doesn't round out very well
business is brutal
and leaving me dead broke
that leaves me with a grand total of 175 that's all going to dear sweet Sabah 
fucking aces
so that's 500 down the drain
of the 775 i paid 200 to chip, probably along with another 300 to the petty over the course of 3 months
and not going back
but thats a decision i didn't actually make so it'd be enacted going forward
they'd probably enjoy that more
which means i've blown 2225 of that 3 k and have 775 left
for a total of 775 a month
dry
I'll be giving nathaniel like 100gp every month to pay off that and then another 375 in taxes for the place and then 300 to the guild cause they're squeezing me
to a fuckton of different people
that would mean the establishment has raised 3k and I owe a fuckton of money
a total of 3.5 months since we left daggercourt
so the timing would be like
alright
or find a reason to do it myself
and then i've gotta go sent someone to pay his bail
im gonna get back to town with a bunch of hangry ass thieves yelling at me that their dumbass boss got caught again.
x d
oof
and nobody cared
reminds me of the great days of old where explorers could run around and just take shit and say they own it
yeah ofc
so long as its not proven stolen
so i can steal legally
hell yeah
but this means i can cut out the middleman and sell directly to collectors?
i mean i normally sell my shit to the guild
i shed gold like a fucking waterfall these days
sounds good
pays out in the long game
eh i'll pay the full tax
oh hahaha
cancer
375 in tax per month
so 250+125
alright
with the addition of an establishment
cause that has gone up
the tax segment on the keep level is a tax that the keep is paying?
just to be sure
fair
oh
don't remember the gold generation off the top of my head
for the establishments
the strongholds and followers info
fuck i've gotta go find all the info
i'll do that then
cool
OK
yeah thats a fuckin lot
im gonna update the table then
Oh
btw how many monts has it been since the last update?
but we cant actually HOLD the gold we have unless we go there and grab it
yeah
cash in on the various business ventures we've been partaking in, and then set up this mirror in my bar to imprison my rivals.
i just wanna get back to daggercourt and check up on our assets
and not worthwhile
is kinda retarded
which
milo said he wanted to kill joseph riegan
actually
i don't think they know what they want
i have no clue
fair
yeah def
ah
right that works too
oh
so you can always hook them back in through her
but lynelle is connected to them
probably
that doesn't make much sense
nah i doubt she'd kill him
show him the errors in his gay build or smth
my sneak is 3d6
its only 1d6 cause he's a level 2 rogue
his sneak attack is not 3d6
lul
but zealot just does that without that
the roguebarian is only good cause of reckless attack
oh he's gonna get kinda fucked
you gonna let him kill her?
arright
i don't think he cares about the story in general enough to really care.
jett
but i can see everyone else ready now
i have been for a bit
ye
but yea that'd be cool
milo prob wont
the fuck
what
xargrul is a chick?
the demon
OH
stat jett's sister?
yeah that could work
oh
idk
but you could def have people in this village that know about it or smth
i don't think collin's gonna open it until he needs to
but im just gonna do it a little less angrily maybe
i mean im still gonna try to stick a knife in her throat
alright
def need to do followup research though, to prove that she isn't bullshitting
grey villains are cool
i like it
im surprised you didn't make us fight syvanna last session
he pays attention but he's got a good amount of big fuckin retard in him too so milo's dumb shit doesn't just fall flat
collin is good
yeah
alright
working on dnd shit rn
i can
you mean talk dnd shit
but that's always been the case
i do feel you there
oof
maybe
eh?
no
yep that's me
nothing
play
i
or at least not later than however late i've already said i'd be
ofc im gonna not be late
like midnight
im gonna be so got damn late
you can bet your ass on that
oh im gonna be fuckin late
i can probably make it by then
well i guess it is my bean
fuckkkkkkkk
you actually need me in the beanstalk?
9:30
ok
sure
hate league
i
im cool with that
frankly, im totally okay with always having the most on hand damage available at any given time
well honestly that's fair
i see
milo would literally die
7 is a long time
i think 5 days is pretty good
fair
yes
already voted
but if we're travelling fast it wouldn't count as a long rest.
the travelling is very easy
cause, esp considering we tend to travel in a cart for the most part
i like first
cause of how we do time in general
sounds fair
gimme a sec to read it
not sure
that's p good
k
do that thats fucking hilarious 
whaat
aight 
seeing lord riegan shit himself in public would be cathartic in its own right
but now i gotta plant the other one in the greenhouse
i was gonna try to force feed it to joe riegan at some point
i knew it was a shitty idea
let milo retard talk me into feeding the bean to the dude in the first place
feels shitty man
yeah
tbh im still pretty iffy about wasting that time
i guess we climb really fast?
and if jett now radiates fastness or something
i know i climb fast
well we uh
right.
oh?
so we can liquidate our assets.
use planear hopping to get back to daggercourt xd
if anything that's our quickest way home
cause that's a load of horsefuckery that would take way too long to deal with
and then climb straight back down
well i mean we'd climb up
cause we have bigger shit that needs dealing with rn
also i would have just turned around at that
that sounds like a pain in the ass
don't do that
uh
but i suppose it's either that or i take a level in fighter and get a bunch of other shit instead
it's not huge at lvl 17 but rogues have a lotta bullshit already, so adding that in just makes it stupid
i now just pump out 6 more damage per turn that will scale up to 12 later
but rapier and dagger
or dagger and crossbow or smth
lets say i choose two weapons, rapier and dagger
well
wheras just the fighting style is +5 no scaling
but that would scale up to +6 later
technically if i were to use this to nominate my dagger or smth i'd just get to add+3 to my damage on all offhand attacks
*damage mod
which is op
it was proficiency mod rather than attack mod
i was gonna link something but it was kinda broken
nvm
or maybe just this.
which feels fkn bad but w/e
it means i lose out on a +1 to my strength.
so can i use this feat to just get the dual wielding fighting style?
apparently the site i saw that i could get two weapon fighting as a feat from weapon master was fake
oi
ok
*the petty is mollified with the 200g buy in they should go for it.
and if they
no archbishop to immediately shut that shit down
pretty decent
that's
He can collect 200 from the lovely miss Sabah, and hit the church. But only if he’s got a clean plan that the petty’s all on board with.
In character, Penny is certainly a gambler.
Hmm
he doesn’t need to know that though
i mean if he sells it to me im just gonna sell it for even more to morozov
well
fair
he needs 200 g up front to pull the heist
i see
chip will sell it?
if i can negotiate a price for it it may be worth doing.
oh the crest stone right
or information?
or a tool?
is it a weapon?
something morozov would like? is that as much detail as he got?
and if he has leads i would always like to hear them
i applaud his massive balls
no robbing the church is stupid as fuck
missed the subtext there
OH
oh
and i guess yeah, when we get back we can go rob someone.
nobody agrees that they haven't hit anything? or agrees that he's not a bitch?
lemme type this up into a comprehensive, yet still entirely unhelpful format for everyone else.
cool
but yeah we do know how to find him
xd
tim’s an asshole
we just met a fuckin wizard
wait
seems like its time for the boys to get to work
so the price of magic items has skyrocketed, eh?
HMM
if we return to the city, we’re all gonna get drafted because some asshole drone striked a foreign dignitariy?
sooo what you’re saying is
fuck
oh
I’ll compile this info and deliver it to everyone else in Penny’s signature shitty manner, as usual.
yikers
so fair i guess 
anything about it
He’s a dragon, he literally has never needed to learn magic
Fuckin sweet
Sweet
Gross
I see.
alone?
oh cool
is fuckin hilarious
this shit
aight
i suppose
i care greatly about what random motherfuckers with dog tier jobs think of me
im not gonna say shit
hell no
and join on phone
i can also just call
late
hm prob 15-20 mins
oh
but was 29
its not 50
friday night
downtown
so i’ll take train half way then uber the rest
but its 50 bucks from here
i will
says
im trying to get home faster
no
alright
even more reason to go big game hunting
that means if we do it they'll be impressed
idk goliaths are afraid to hunt them
well
i don't fucks with fire
wtf
i didn't
and have predator heat vision?
the dinosaurs breathe fire?
ez glap
dinosaur leathers and dinosaur ivory
it wouldn't even be difficult
we could make a killing off of dinosaur leathers in the southlands
that said
and also not lazy
just not stupid
i wouldn't say smart
so im gonna be poor as piss for a while
but THAT goes straight to the debt for the building
if jetts deal is carrying through i'd walk away with 133 gp for my troubles
gotta spend money to make money
when i get back i owe 600 gp btw lmao
and it was all going to the guild dues p much
*least
that was what jett told me at leasat
i get half the income from the shop i brought in
if im still getting the same deal from morozov that makes 733 a month
yah
at level 1
book says 1k per season
the name
well
added it
i think i forgot to
daily
to bathe in
to fill with gold coins
my end goal is to commission a solid gold bathtub
im literally playing goldsink: the character 
like
gold sinks are good when we have gold
well
im down
LOL
like brutal items
rn the runes have made us very strong
mundane items that are a little better
but you can always hit us with like
there should be more, tbh
yeah
the video?
here maybe you'll think this is interesting
you like frozen
oh
dw im meming
tabaxi
oh.... noo....
oh
im just saying i'll only know it's her if you explicitly tell us its her and sometimes shit happenes
*don't intend to fight her tbh
i don
i doubt we will
luckily you can't counterspell a crossbow bolt to the face
i don't know if her cleric style even has that spell
i forget that lucia isn't the same cleric as gemi
wait did she?
lucia did
well
:/
and my crossbow?
is she powerful enough to escape me and my big goliath friend?
you know, "weebs to the pyre" and all.
no guarentees that we won't kill on sight
but gonna have to see her first
i think we'll try
she's a mage?
and then see if we can extort these goliaths for everything they own
im here to kill the fucking guy i didn't make
he wants the golden robes
it's a double staff axe
fuck.
is that a thing we're cool with?
can i unagree to it?
fuck me what did i agree to.
you mean there's gonna be a two step process to our money making up here?
christ
do goliaths even use gold?
rly?
i was enjoying making titloads of dosh by wrecking the economy
this shit's turning out to not be very lucrative
i don't think so
did we make any money off of that last village?
btw
momentarily forgot
cool
nvm i know what you're talking about
OH
oh ok
i'll read it
i haven't checked em in a minute
they're in the tabs?
ok
mask avatars?
hol up
uh
they're straight as fuck
and lesbians aren't gay
but it'll probably just be ana/elsa porn
with jojo
she already does
i mean
yep
lmao
and she wore less for longer
way less
i thought elsa was way less thicc in this movie
l m a o
but i know the feel
i've been desensitized to it
lmao
nice
how was it getting past that tidal wave of fucking people?
ye
so i guess you’re good to just get on
im 2 mins away
sweet
cool
i’ve gotta be sure cause last time i tried this was with jonah and he can be pretty retarded
first as in the one in front, right?
i’ll fucking be there at 12
the bus bitch looked me in the eye and drove right past me, the absolute fuckin bitch whore
never mind
cause you get on at the sci center one, right?
just message me when you get on/which part
maybe 11:47 if all the stoplights decide to be particular pieces of shit
should be there at 11:46 or so
not too long
yup
meming
he did like a year ago just fuckin 
ur good
not as whipped as uti then
aight fair
WHIPPED AS FUCK
WHIPPED
...
ahh
w/e sounds good
drop off a coffee?
edge of the sci center 
actually next one after
yep
vermont/expo
ye
k
i don't
game?
except we're all gonna call him a nigga
i'm gonna put him in a similar echo chamber
same
yes. hard agree.
which
and he said "i'm black so no. i'm allowed to say gamer words."
i asked him if he's ever had a real gamer moment
that's just how that shit work
he's black
cause
so like what the fuck
and j's name is actually mike
so i got contacted by j
same
nah he's a full force goon
i'd rather deal with 3 than 5 anyway
well that's fine then
idk if you got any more messages
one more that actually messaged me on reddit
the level of engagement in this trial conversation was like 7-8 on my end and a 5-6 on his
wow
*got
had to find it and god distracted
jordan
i think
im not the biggest fan of brandon sanderson guy
personally
he's aight
ok
here
no
yeah
*details
you’re gonna get hoards of notifications asking for campaign detail 
found it
and i only post random bullshit
you already know mine
cool
oh
what post?
hell yeah
yes
this is industry experience that i can use in other places
but the thing is i don't want to work in food service for the rest of my life or anything
thats fuckin ridiculous
which will be cheaper
by telling the bitch im out and cleaning it up nice and proper
yeah
i just got it how i wanted it
the only thing im really upset about is my fuckin house
there are things you pass up and things you don't pass up
if im getting the opportunity im out
nah fuck that
and then i can move back to LA in a year and do other shit
at least with this i can hate people and make money
barbacking sucks cause you don't make enough money
bar tending sucks cause i hate people
but that shit gay
i could do that
man idk i feuckin hate tv tho
i can easily go till 5
on a good day
and i don't sleep till 3
esp since your 9 would be my 11
i can keep friday free
xddd
but LA sucks
well cali doesn't suck
cali sucks
very old
an old friend of my dads
if it's decent money im just gonna do it
i'd need to see the money
im not sure
ass georgia
s l a v e
yeah
im prob just gonna get shot
yuh
yuh
not yet
you wanna join still or nah?
is telling us a loooot of what we know
he wants us to roleplay
not bad
same
but w/e
cause school schedules and shit
prob will only be like a few weeks long
k
im thinking i may also run a thing during winter break
when this doesn't pan out
oh
sucks
yea same tbh
it was published by one of the players who’s part of the acq inc podcast thing
but i’ve seen the module and the map for it online
he made the guide character 
he didnt
but i can't really hold it against him cause the acq inc thing is a module that he didn't make
his illusion dungeon was better
but he's had better
i thought it was okay
3 of his things
i've run through i think
yes
i doubt this'll be very different
but you have already had a taste of how he runs things
it was a oneshot module
did you take part in the acq inc one?
actually
if jett and i are drawing aggro it shouldnt be too bad
party is pretty strong
plus milo shreds through them like cheese to a grater
i liked all the villagers being dead
no
ok
right
don’t change your names
don’t change your names
w/e
dudes gotta pick his battles
my name is fucking Ram
jetts name is Lance Longspear
cause that sounds like an “because i said so” sorta deal which is bullshit
did milo ask that?
why?
i mean
parsa’s trying to veto it?
he can’t choose that name?
last session was sick
no gestalt was good
i haven’t talked to milo
jett’s already not feeling it
it’s not gonna pam out
that sorta shit
prove he was right
though
he wants to use this to vindicate his bitching in your campaign 
idk
but hes only planned one session 
it’s designed to keep going
yes but that was a oneshot
and dip
just say “wo too much”
you can still back out
idk bout nikliq
agile monkey works
you know what he wants to use this for, right?
why?
oh no
hey
sounds cool
way too cool to be forced to pass up
definitely 
could not have done that with jett playing him tho
makes the visions and morozov’s actual actions more impactful 
it limits it in an interesting way
is cool
the fact that he can only see visions of things that he’ll see with his eyes in the future 
no i like that
like that
yeah
the visions are cool as a plot device for gathering info
feel
shit
lol
Oh
or you can use her for what she really is and use her as bait for anything you want to force me to do.
alright done, you can read it to vet it or not and if you think you'd rather me not have my second pc sitting in campaign then i can toss it. 
tavern
i'll be giving most of it to the party and the petty anyway
but not all the money
sure
i'll put money into the vault
for that same reason im not gonna put the establishment's income on the ledger.
not on the ledger
im jotting it down into my character sheet
i do.
yes thieve's cant family
not sure if you saw earlier but until penny dies, she's owner/manager of the establishment while penny's out of town. the petty is to treat her like family
im gonna go ahead and finish the second character sheet with a background and shit
i guess
real boomer shit
its a display item
im not even gonna read it, just put it in my bookcase
its hardcover and goddam gorgeous 
just bought another copy of dune instead
i feel like an ultra boomer
k
we’re keeping everything as is?
yes that’s what i ask every week
hahaha
i don’t ask for directions 
no im a man
they opened up a new one on ventura blvd so i figure they’re doing well
so not surprised 
santa monica is zoomer central though
oh right
actually 
most of them
grove
guess i deserve that one
hate reading digital
i think it’s sold out
barnes and fucking noble
dammit they don’t have blood song
k
which is not how that happened
parsa told me he messaged you, said he was dropping cause he wasn’t having fun, then you offered to change things to keep him on
i didn’t know there was a call before the one where jett called the group
like
looking for it rn
blood song right
blood something 
whats that book called?
OH
parsa did not tell me the whole story
i wasn’t there for that but if he’s right that’s fuckin toxic
setting all this off
milo said he basically guilt tripped you into changing the game for him
this was a lot of bullshit to get to the answer that needed to happen
so i guess we found an answer?
we'll get there
yeah
like fucking not being complete fuckwads?
what do you mean changing?
yea
have to go dungeoneering to find source of issue
now we're stuck with angry elves
crops failing
weather starts going abnormal
mentors send us out on a mission to see what the fuck happened with glorfindel
that'd be pretty funny
with a character here
but don't have any ideas for what i'd do or want to do
personally think it's pretty cool
i
id be down
if you think running it will be fun for you
with that
idk what you can rly do
i know
he wanted to go into dungeons and find magic items i guess
but we were working on that
so i guess he had issues with how strong the archbishop was
he essentially wants to get stronger relative to the things we're facing
and it was so hard to get him to say them
he said 3 sentences
and im pretty sure miles too
boxes that at least parsa wants checked
it would definitely hit the uh
sounds good
yeah
in that i'd be trying to get home
but i think i could make it work
so i was planning on playing someone from daggercourt
hmm
nice
ez fucking pz
yeah
and the early levels is us travelling there
it could be we're headed to daggercourt
that's kinda sick
oh
and long
league universe is huge
but kinda depends on where and when
could be cool
a campaign set in league universe?
so just the first book is all you need?
rly
you were fuckin right about the stormlight series so i trust your judgement
i'll read it at some point
sounds pretty dope
remove all the magic classes?
which was both a great idea and the worst idea
i got into dune instead
but never read it
i've actually seen and held the physical book
blood song
yeah i feel you
agreed
it’s gonna be a hot minute
so
they’re hand made and they’ve got 17 thousand backers
they’re actually ridiculously good looking
cant decide between a purple or the pearlish one for the second color
got 2 sets
btw
oh i did the dice kickstarter
oh i did the dice kickstarter
peace
aight
shit
yeah
and i doubt i can make miles invested
i doubt parsa will change 
hopefully at least milo will come out more assertive 
idk take that as you will
so
yelling at them over this week
im gonna spend a lot of time
yeah
lol
parasite makes addams family look like dog shit on a brown wall
its very good
well you watch it
fuck
you’ll love it and hate it
watch that
Parasite 
duude
nothing gets me more creative than that
i think you should spend some time finding creative ways to stick your dick in your girlfriend 
is all
and im not even making it
i think this shits incredibly stressful 
then do that
Ok if you want to think about it
i knoe
take a week break at least before you do
that’s making me into a doomer
christ
i think
but thats not a pc
he was a good npc
i think 
the noxalas thing
yeah i told him it was retarded before the campaign even started
this time its on us to fix that
not last time
that would fix his issues
i think if you took a gamble and put parsa’s storyline in the spotlight first
well we can change the fixation on the characters around
but i don’t think he’s been told to stop doing that 
he knows and he does it willingly
true
i mean when we on them hearing it already 
lmao
k
when?
you’re right about all this shit btw
im tilted as fuck
gdi
another reason im about to rip into him
parsa does
it would have been hilarious 
and the dragon scouts and we try and disguise the giants as hills
i left our plan vague for a fucking reason
i know you had plans
then we talk it out
i feel you on that
nobody has to prep sessions but you
majority rules is retarded in this case
and im just gonna say that if they don’t want to play your campaign then they either need to fuck off or make their own
i feel like im the only one that wants to interract with the old one
oh smart
but shut the fuck up
and i gotta do it too
yes
and when he proposes an idea he doesn’t give a reason
to me parsa is the first target specifically because he spends 80 percent of his time on campaign chat shooting other people down
other people don’t engage enough 
i talk too much shit
i know
well im thoroughly pissed and im moments away from chewing this nigga out
ok
ok
and that was today?
he didn’t mention that 
wtf was that about parsa’s flaming?
a 6 hour call with milo
i fucking go out and look for hooks
ok i’m actually so pissed at psrsa did he complain to you about campaign shit in pms?
the problem here is entirely the players
we were members of an army with higher-ups that consistently sent us on missions
the difference is that black empire was railroady
the problem is the players
js
which it wasn’t 
that would have been so sick
and nobody disagreed
just because he said ok i’ll do it
jett was playing this character 
here’s the problem 
were you going to use the climax of this story to kill jetts character?
it’s literally got so much room for conflict 
i was fucking loving it
im not gonna lie
it really is
idk he was in the game for 1 session
what can i say
who was clearly his bbeg
he refused to even consider meeting the archbishop 
well
or fucking not responding 
or talking to low level grunts
or praying to fina in seclusion 
what the FUCK do you mean “I spend my week building a grove”
completely ignored
ye
i would think we’d have moved onto house gloom after riegan
so
but i really just wanted to see parsa’s character die
i complained about that too
and i am pissed
i’d be pissef
yeah
that was everyone for no reason
only parsa complains about that
fuck phone keypad
*work
i have an idea that won’t worj
unless the characters work together 
they literally did
take your time, if they’re gonna bitch this much they don’t deserve campaign 
hey, sorry we’re a bunch of retards, me included
cool
i tried to switch pages and hit the wrong button on my phone
yes apologies 
ok now penny wants to run a whorehouse that empowers women or some shit?
ok now penny wants to run a whorehouse that empowers women or some shit?
oof
oh
oh ok
my dad fucked a dragon ez
for me having magic
had a reason planned
i actually 
oh
may as well just kill myself
hilarious 
and as soon as i go magic they go none
ofc when they go magic i go none
im going sorc
Will be ripped from Penny’s backstory, with a couple added details
well i have the character in mind if you want me to run it by you
alright 
is this what you really want to do?
so
thor will find a way
which idk
but that’s of course assuming that we won’t start immediately killing each other once the throne is in our grasp
which means we gotta walk up to nilgeshes fucking shack at the end of the universe and chop his head off with an axe
but once we ascend to dukedom we gotta make sure we aren’t ruling a heaping pile of shit, right?
yeah
i mean right now
yeah
cause they get reborn still
unless you’re like a pitchfork salesman
riots are bad for business
i don’t fault the church for that
cause if the general populous knew that all that awaits them is eternal suffering, they’d go batshit
made to keep people from losing their collective shits
i think that’s a white lie
but i think telling Nathaniel that I set Glorfindel after her is enough to appease him.
i have a way to confirm this
oh
Btw is syvanna gone?
i can only assume that people like Syvanna and the archbishop know this
and thats what we’re stuck in
yikes
ok makes sense
OH
oh
but since you pointed out tbe guy from the future i have no fuckin clue lmao
the past of the 8 losing to nilgesh but then getting twisted to fit the churches false doctrines
i thought it was like
no that shits rarted
you gotta find a way to make that spear scale off of his cha
laugh
watch him fuck up by using cunning action 
keep the rune as is
will definitely make up for jett’s current lack of magic items
yeah it’s a pretty sick rule
cool
ic
they would have to beat his ac +10 in order to hit at all
cause 
and would you rule that ranged attacks track or naw?
so bows and spell attacks?
does that work for all attack rolls?
i didn’t see that
oh
i’d add that
thats kinda sick
save that for when jett rerolls w fighter
that’s pretty sick
also he didn’t build coffeelock
cause with 3 levels in sorc he’s sacrificing his level 9 spell
still, to get maxumum usage of that, he’d need to invest 3 levels into sorc for quicken and twinned spell. so it works
ok
if that’s what you meant, then im sorry that shits rarted
so long as the spell that can be casted as a bonus action isn’t a full action spell
i think it’s fine as is
sooo
yeah but then he chugs 5k gp and we flame him for a week
so the sorcerer multiclass would be neutered anyway
also he’s clearly not going tomelock
i don’t think he’ll multiclass into sorc
the problem is that i don’t know if jett is mechanically savvy enough to really get the most out of it
this rune is sick
but who cares
with other item combos
ofc there are ways to break it
so it’s not broken
also, uncanny dodge is strong, but it’s not evasion 
if he has to change characters at some point i wouldn’t give him this same version of the rune, though 
the 2 spells in one round would be great on anything but a warlock so that evens out too
he still only has 1 action, 1 bonus action, and 1 reaction
also its not like he’s immune to being bursted by a fuckton of ememies 
and the cost is huge
yeah it’s a single round
*oh
toh
thats his fucking RUNE?
*consistently reads them
*that
fr it’s kinda annoying even for me that im the only one thst reads the handouts
ok
because i lean towards the rule of cool in pretty much all situations 
if you want a realistically opinionated pov i’d run it by parsa
but
sure
i won’t use it yet, still gotta talk to nathaniel.
i see
3 rows of 3?
in like a square pattern?
ok
oh tf
i see
*now
if he's over it, then whatever i'll start building businesses right no
i don't plan on leaving miles' quest thing hanging
i thought so
either before we free those prisoners or after
or at least in game
there are conversations that need to be had but i feel like they’d be better done in person
i guess that’d be something for next week
having it not be officially on jett's record means the taxation wouldn't be as high, which is just a win for us
and maybe to sign the deed to that house over to as well
all i want is a name to take a hresvelg loan under
yeah i'd be willing to go through the pains to do all that
i see
ok peace
oh if he can help i’d gladly pay him in the gold standard
yeah, basically
oh, wealth is a problem
what i really need is the finery to look the part.
I can draft up a letter from my house back in olde nordic country Z, and try to trick william grey into signing it
i have three people potentially on my side in the form of current lord morozov, nathaniel hagan, and hopefully syvanna when i “pledge” myself to her righteous cause.
i’d be a foreign noble from whatever country in your world qualifies as the closest to old nordic
seal
once i get myself established as a minor noble, I take out a loan and turn that house into an Establishment.
i could pretty easily take it to the hagans
actually phase one is just getting a fake identity verified by a government official
i had a different plan to spend my off weeks on but I guess that’s on the back burner 
if she is im telling her fucking mom, cause she can’t do that shit alone.
well i’d still need to go and confirm this with the lady herself 
ok
i c
well i cannot make that assumption in character 
everyone who has their rune awoken has these visions?
idk i think the vision could be enough to give me the spark of the idea
aw shit
one, confirm that syvanna plans to fight nilgesh
well i need to do 3 things now
i see.
parsa’s wizard or the cleric?
no wonder she thinks she’s a good guy
oh my god
but it’s wrong
oh my god.
this crazy bitch syvanna thinks she can fight nilgesh with her frankenstein angels???
oh
yeah i figured that
is it the god that’s specifically watching over us?
not lautrec’s
i understood mine
maybe, if it becomes an option i MAY search out a few methods of attaining immortality just to escape that shit
until it becomes important.
honestly as a normal human with no magical talent and no particular faith im just gonna internalize that shit and pretend i never saw it
lol yeah
i just hope they’ll throw a party for me when i get there
but i already know i’m going to hell
well i can hold that on iago’s retard head
gotta think of the wardrobe for when im duchess xd
well i could it’d just be a massive power play
i can’t wear open backed dresses anymore.
fuck man i knew this shit was morally corrupt
yeah i can see people wanting to cut off my ass for this thing
ok
do i only add con to that first death save?
ok
does that death save count as the first one when stacking?
cool
its straight lifesteal?
OH
does that apply after evasion or before?
and 5/6 of all aoe damage?
i take 2/3 damage from all single target damage
so just to be sure on the mechanics of this
i’m actually so impressed at how hard you just memed me
holy fuck thats gold
... did you just tell me that my rune is a trampstamp?
*in
i’ll talk it over with nathaniel next session. he gets the last say im that regard.
if not then all she’s doing is increasing the bandit population. and bandits are good company.
that said, if miles wants to pull another angel out of his ass to smite that bitch.... that’d be nice.
of course it does become a problem when she starts trying to resurrect elderitch horrors and shit but that’s what spies are for.
so if we get her legitimized and we help her with her crazy heists  and let her expand operations as far as she wants (outside city walls) there really shouldn’t be a problem.
fighting the archbishop inside the city is a fuckin mistake
which actually works in her favor
which is fine, as long as it stays outside the city
considering she’s going for fucking words of power she probably wants to fight her mom for it
i know she wants to instill herself as archbishop 
so long as they’re doing all their slaving outside the city it’s actually beneficial to us.
specifically by simply legitimizing her group
i will turn her into an asset in nathaniel’s regime
alright this is something that can be solved with diplomacy 
yikes
or specifically low level thugs that didn’t even get picked for that
you know, as part of the initiation process?
also aren’t all the guild rejects already dead?
this is not okay
as for what she’s after, i’m going to pull my lawful evil card and take a hard pass on dealing with any of that shit. not my pay grade 
i’ll tell them to be careful and be polite.
they’ll be at it again this week
xd im just berating them
i mean i just wanna ask her a goddam question is it really that hard to stalk someone in a friendly manner?
cause im gonna keep them on that if not.
did the petty manage to track down syvanna yet?
goddam
52
ok
feels scrub man
lemme roll it
i was thinking of my hp from a different game
oh nvm
yes
cause that will outright kill me
or just right now
if i fail?
but i’ll do it
gale ordella and vorok from the petty with me to staunch the bleeding and grab nathaniel if i suddenly drop dead during the process
i’ll have uhh
i trust my con
fk it
i mean is it a wis roll or an int roll to remember?
oh
i don’t know anyone who can use it
which is getting written down in the personal ledger btw
i spent it on parsa and milo
i literally don’t have the money
so i’ll wait till the rent comes in.
i have a rune but i already spent my money on helping lucia get hers
that pretty much applies to everything
the more relaxed you are the better you’ll do in the interview 
and idk, stop pressuring yourself 
just do well
fuck campaign 
well
idk if he wants to attone he’s gotta actually put some effort into it in game. i wouldn’t make that something he can do in an off week or something 
well he is a real cleric i just think that making up half of a deity and saying “deal with this” isn’t a valid way to make a character
well he is a real cleric i just think that making up half of a deity and saying “deal with this” isn’t a valid way to make a character
actual clerics and paladins deal with much harsher fallouts for disobeying their gods.
oh well remove some of his spell slots until he helps people for real
wait so it’s not an evil god?
for the better?
it doesn’t make sense that it’d care about the murders if it gets stronger from them
what does it like, what does it dislike
but that didn’t happen. Honestly what i’d do is take complete control of this made up god of his and assign some actual fucking rules to it
at most, that guard would’ve have to sign a form that he killed this criminal in self defense 
the broken cell and the scar is already more than enough evidence 
lop his head off and feed his body to the pigs
he also attacked a member of the guard with magic and intent to kill.
not only did the prisoner break out of his cell
a killing without a cause
right, but that isn’t like
i would have killed him there
and then when he walked out of his cage
after the fight in the cell
i didn’t mean the fight on the streets btw
yeah he was fucked
play stupid games, win stupid prizes
i would have. Parsa played that like a retard.
should have killed him last session 
to you
and imma ride one of these here birds
ok you fuckin wait there
ahh fk
but i just crossed cause there weren’t any crosswalks
on it
yea fk
im at the first one.
?
possibly 
fuck
the one by vermont
im closer to the second one
first station?
i can cross
sounds good
i am across the street from it, actually 
im like halfway down exposition blvd to your place
lemme bust out the map
uhhhh
...
omw
k
just cause i wanna ride the expo in my costume 
i’ll probably go to milo’s anyway 
yes plz
easier on me and we get to hang later
idk
im coming with milo to your place
yeah
thats a keeper
loaded dice?
sick
and now its time to put my unreliability to use and only tell the rest of the squad my own heavily opinionated version of this information 
yep
nah. despite all those great reasons to not make this crackpot assumption, I think those rank shits would totally purposefully burn houses in order to buy them up
those rank shits would purposefully burn houses in order to buy them up
thats also a reasonable conclusion to come to
thats too much effort for too little gain
ehhhh
oh wait it’s a messenger bag i’d have to cut it off
but id still take the bag cause fuck him and his house
that’s kind of shit
so it’s definitely people who already have some sort of involvement with the hresvelgs
i see
like is he looking at houses and deeming them irreparable 
is there a pattern to the skipping or is it seemingly random?
i don’t care as much about the value as i do about fucking him over in this specific case
but i can understand if that’s a bit too conspicuous 
hopefully i stole his gift pouch to put a stop to that bullshit
fuck the hresvelgs im gonna ice that guy
OH the guy i stole from is doing it
ok
are the bids anonymous?
cool
so these ruined buildings could be bought up and rebuilt?
oh my
o
o
only needed 55 gp
did penny manage to pay her guild dues over the course of the week?
assuming this job doesn’t flop and we do get the house and i do turn it into a tavern, are you gonna stop me from hiring him to perform in it?
i hear noxalas is being retired?
jett and myself are the only ones that kind of make sense
to be on that list in order to get the info
we just need one of us
i’ll probably wait till session to see how they play out
* work
I have a few ideas that could worj
is very dangerous 
having lautrec put his own ass on the list
i think
alright 
OH
oh
maybe under a fake name
i doubt getting on it suits our purposes
oh i see
i see, does it track unauthorized visitors?
week 1 i didn’t have them doing anything 
btw could they have found where his apartments are in the citadel?
week 2 was them doing reconnaissance on william grey
not if there are alarms blaring
there are ships that dock there, right?
that'll break after we get on the island?
what about have a shoddy one made?
yikes
how much would you say it is to buy a 15+ft boat?
fair enough
but it's probably better off that that doesn't happen
not gonna lie i was definitely excited to see what might happen what kind of fit noxalas would have when he finds out the cart is full of tabaxi slaves
well that's fine, so long as milo isn't on the recovery team
so w/e
we need the cart to carry the cage
or maybe the drugs wore off by now, i don't know
a cage of drugged tabaxi
ok
same
i feel like if we time it right, the guards wouldn't see us climbing down off the bridge, but coming back up the bridge is the problem
yeah
it's not
if not i suppose sailing in is the play
?
has anyone so far invented anything close to a parachute
i see
i thought there was a way down from the silver bridge
im gonna need much more than 50 feet of rope
i see
it is?
i'll hold off
i was gonna make a reference to it but
have you seen the movie?
no
as fast as possible 
kill everything and dip
goon in there looking like cultists
that’s the plan
paint them red cause penny isn’t all that imaginative.
i’ll do that.
don’t want this lady to be stupid and put something identifiable on the masks
actually fuck it i’ll just take blanks
still shit masks?
how much for 30?
painted blanks
probably just painted
i mean simple
if it’s above 20 gold for 5 im taking the blanks
how long/expensive would the commission take?
yeah essentially 
miles and parsa 
I don’t doubt miles can handle that
sure
which means he’ll probably send for them once we break in.
so not guards, but they get together when he needs to go out and handle business 
i see
so, elite strike team. Is that his personal guard?
40 gold, actually 
and i’ll pay them 30 gold for the week
maybe some circus/carnival masks if i can find them
5 big black fuckin cloaks for the party and a few squares of dyed red cloth for me.
that went fine?
so while the petty was doing that i was getting materials for the mission
yeah
do i have to pay them more? or is the week worth of thievery enough to cover that.
cool
feelsbadman
not from what i can tell
im looking
i'd back it for those
i wonder if there are playtest versions
yeh
looks like it could be better than the first book
mhm
not as good as the crit role show though
reached it's goal in 4 hours though pretty good
situation
but maybe for a next run
yeah
the eta is may 2021
can't
my shift starts in 30 mins, unfortunately.
His character, i mean. Milo will most definitely know.
but I do think it would be very interesting if he somehow found out about that
I’m not going to tell milo about the part with the enslaved tabaxi on hard catnip
but i’ll bring it to the group
im just saying what i could do with it
nah it’s your game
or even 2-3 main crew and have the petty help the rest of them with in-city problems
but probably wouldn’t need all of them. So 2 or 3 main crew and the petty
whoever wants to come
uh
i’ll tell the boys to pack their bags
so you’re saying the time limit is right fucking now.
Is there a specific timeline that this assassination needs to happen by?
i’ll take the rune.
i’m still going to play penny as an anti-rune anarchist, but everyone has their small hypocrisies
right
and this also means that this rune was harvested from some poor dead asshole, right?
have you already planned one for each character?
btw everyone is born with an inherent rune right?
fucking shit man
do i know what a lesser rune of the quickblade does?
fair enough
read their stuff
i saw them
oh hell yeah
i honestly expected anyone else
did not expect sylvana folen
Oh fuck.
maybe I’ll gloss over some of the more unappealing details for our two good party members 
sounds like a plan
“at your service” fuck
shit didn’t catch that part
slaver
yeah i did
we’re gonna have to talk to the guy about it
definitely a birthday, though.
so i’m assuming it’s not a party
well i didn’t see party in the letter
hopefully combat hasn’t started 
im on my street 
away
less than 5 mins
but we'll see if i finish up at a reasonable hour
about half my crap over there
i'm gonna be busy moving
that's correct
fuck em
nope
i'm gonna fuckin shout retard shit at the top of my lungs
that'll be great
yeah
yeah, but I won’t be able to get all my stuff there till friday 
yeah
we’re in
Just got the keys to the place
don’t know which one it is
outside 
i just thought it was farther
no
so thats my excuse 
there are like 3 in a 2 mile radius from here
i apparently got directions to the wrong taco bell
much closer than i thought
you’re 
st
st or pl?
ok
shouldn’t be more than 5 bucks anyway 
eh
*it
have its 
the app?
was heading a different direction earlier
im on adams unfortunately 
im gonna look for one of the scooters
but uber gay
i could uber
its a 30 min walk
36th shit
sounds chill
i’ll be there
oh mile away
what are you up to?
i walked
 i wish
so should be good
looks like i charmed the landlady
if not that 20 min walk then a 15 minute drive a little to the north
but i’ll probably be real close to usc
*shit
they gotta do their shir
and its not a big deal regardless 
i didn’t bring it up originally 
ye idek
at least, not unless she has someplace else ready to go
milo just doesn’t want to leave his moms
well yeah i would have moved closer to there
but the thing with milo and the others fell through cause they’re unreliable 
been trying to move since like early august 
and the place is affordable 
cause i don’t want to live at my dads 
yeah pretty sick
across from usc
yeah thats what i was saying
cool
 2924 Van Buren Pl
oct 1st
i may be moving to a place like right across from you
right, just a little ways past the village
ah cool
you’re off of 30th st right?
sure
oh xd
explaining the guild’s inner workings to a wee initiate
sounds good
xd
house gloom strikes me as the type to have a metallic 
the great houses and such
metallic runes are gonna be in like
fair enough 
nice meme
literally anyone but us
hahaha
all of these 8 characters were either massive assholes, complete fuckin idiots, or both
for one
like
that's fucking hilarious
literally
because it's not at all what happened
this is an impressive meme
okay
Gemi the Clever
wait now i gotta read it
fuck
oh really?
why
it's so fucking long dude
i haven't finished
is fuckin long tho
one
that church of seiros
read nearly all the lore
thats always fun
i especially like jett getting shit on by rival nobles
well it’s solid
i see
how long have you had the idea?
this campaign is a pretty damn good one ngl
yeah
it wouldn’t be fuckin daunting as hell
read the new bits every week
see if milo or the rest just
rly, that’s actually pretty sick
i’ll read it when i get home
theres more?
yeah prob
gang members coming up from compton?
someone get shot or something? 
wtf
oh so you took it for the ez credits
yeah, sor. I left my phone charger at my boy jonah’s and literally stopped for 2 seconds to get it
also im literally leaving sc rn
why do you have to take art history anyway 
do it tomorrow 
fuck art history though 
lmao
okay cool
wait thats the skyrim term lmao
and safe houses would be discoverable with shadow marks i assume
cool
k
helps to plan missions around 
also itd be cool to know where the guild is located but it doesn’t need to be pointed out
just for reference 
and 2 penny’s home street
1 the bar where some of the old gang members work
sometime becore next session, i wanna work out where a few things are in the city
oi eric
glaives were probably just for killing horses now that i think about it
halberds were for dealing with armor, glaives were not very good at that
yeah but they have different purposes
i think it’s very funny that glaives and halberds are the exact same thing in 5e
nice
it is
yeah
so 2 handed is a d10?
doesn’t it do a d6 when onehanded?
which i’d say is pretty valuable
my rapier does leave me with a free hand though
yeah
if you try hard enough 
anything can be thrown
nvm 
oh
actually my unmasterworked rapier is the same but better
longsword can do the same thing better
yeah was boutta say
oh that spear?
but thats fine
it’d be better if he was an artificer
he’s a TN bard that shit was made for him
or milo?
parsa?
thats better than nothing
parsa’s TN
fuck rly
i’d give it to milo and kill myself
kms
lawfully evil
im lawful
i want it on everything 
i want that infernal steel man
yes
yes
but like anything we can do to our enemies can and should happen to us imo
sounds balanced to me
makes sense
unless you’re a blaster wizard in 3.5e
melee attackers get to hit harder in the long run
it does give ranged attackers an advantage but so does everything.
that doesn’t make sense 
but you cant run at a dude and then surprise grapple
like you can surprise grapple an opponent 
i wholeheartedly agree with that
no moving.
well you can only surprise attack someone within your immediate attack range
cause they’re barbs
barbarians get disadvantage
second should be harder
so basically my idea is two checks, one to hide and set up the attack, then a second stealth check to attack 
but we’re attacking from an angle that they wouldn’t expect 
or just like casually walking down the street
yeah that’s what i mean
i got a different idea. All surprise attack calls have to succeed a stealth check in order to actually get the surprise round
that works too
but like you can rule it case by case
that way you can punish murderhobos for attacking someone ready for it
highest goes, then roll initiative 
actually its not modifier it’s score
if the targeted person gets to hit first
well just use dex modifier to determine
just whoever says “fuck it, I attack,” gets to attack. Then roll initiative 
not a surprise round
you get your attack off if you initiate combat with an attack
OR
i kinda want my goddam surprise round
if they aren’t ready and we literally waited on a roof for two hours to jump someone specific 
but i mean
im cool with that i guess
in the end it rly only matters if both attacker and attackee are nearly dead
i just like fire emblem’s back and forth thing
well then at the end is fine
so i think it should just be 1
you can’t even multiattack on an attack of opportunity 
people with multiattack?
who has 2 counters?
maybe once you have like 4 multiattacks it comes after second strike
*strike
i like after first strikr
idk actually 
i think you should
was that a problem?
that way you can punish us for not knowing it
i think tbh it’s better to have the information available 
i’ll just take the compliment then
okay
at a rock solid 1% chance
i think miles and i are equal
parsa’s more likely than jett
jetts more likely than milo
milo’s more likely than me
no way
so if anyone can’t finish it they’re just shitters
and in that regard I think I’m the laziest in the group 
I read it all and it was easy
No
fair enough.
i wouldn’t follow that advice if it was me, but you should just go for it
still my advice is to stuff your dick into her mouth
probably the safest option there
unless you can wear headphones in class
its better than actually listening to her talk, though
just show her her place
then she’ll probably like it
next time she rants just put your dick in her mouth
does she have the downs?
jesus
technical writing?
about
writing is great when you’re not forced to write bullshit
jesus
400
any more than 150 is fucking gay
omg you gotta write 400 words about paperclips
is the minimum
that sounds retarded how many words?
about paperclips?
omg
wait what do you have to write about a paperclip?
why?
most of my writing classes were used to write parts of the book im writing, and when it wasn’t that it was campaign shit
thats not too bad
thats not too bad
hah oof
yeah
but if you saved my life and then bought me out i’d sell shit for you from new york
sure
gets them to join up with us
fucking phone keyboard 
then the rest of the party comes and “rescues” the merchsnts
I could look for merchants to rob, get a couple mooks from the guild and attack them
i’ve got a scheme for that
actually 
or something 
find merchants to save
we just gotta get artisans and craftsmen to sell shit for us
its not a huge issue
same
hopefully milo chose an appealing saint
also true
oh thats pretty good
is it the church of saint Gemi?
the cleric lair is op
my issue is what peasants would go out of their way to go to a specialized church a few miles outside of the city when theres a generalized church in the city where its much more convenient? 
ah so lucia gets a buff
maybe
well i guess we get people to come and pray
we make no money off of it?
yikes
nothing is free
but like fuck it i wasn’t there so i wasn’t there
yeah i honestly don’t know why they decided to commission that
hard agree
planning short term things can happen in session in character 
in whats going on now
we get more invested 
its cause with that endgoal
well here’s why we’re all thinking long term
ezpz
swing by the guild and see if we can land a few contracts
rn im just gonna roll with whatever money making opportunities arise
well it’s important to have an end goal
its an idea of whenever i meet a changeling that takes me to their people
its an idea of whenever i meet a changeling that takes me to their people
the whorehouse idea is not a 1st session idea
no thats a question for when i actually get in game
i mean if some noble dickwad wants beat the everliving fuck out of a changeling prostitute, it better not be one of my changeling prostitutes and it definitely better not be on my property 
we’re all for the safety of the product. Unless you pay me enough.
unless people want to buy one of them
can’t be sending them places
just in house
oh
what
?
especially if any of party visits my whorehouse/blackmail farm
especially if any of party visits my whorehouse/blackmail farm
and we’re going big
but i could either have her think small or think big
be decent 
and im still gonna do it
it’s not but i was considering putting effort into being an actual decent teammate 
if it comes down to it im gonna betray the party to make Red Penny become the duchess
and ngl
i’ve been thinking about it
bards op
better quality tusks, fair enough
oh okay
they cucked themselves lol
400 per tusk?
the two tusks were enough i mena
well
did they end up getting the tusks they needed from derg?
lmao
dank
as in a battle between giant clans?
i wish i did
cause it includes the party
way more
nice finding
wow this guide is pretty fucking great
that's fine
can they climb in?
i see
i like this
Demented Murderer	DM
had rooms
at the VERY least
i thought we
okay
lmao
with the introduction you've set, red penny would probably just walk in there and start going through everyone's stuff without saying anything to anyone
ngl
oh dank
That’ll work
Same
that sounds like a pretty hefty meme
ok
lmao
Oh. Well then with the other recruits
and after the meeting, the month ends?
i see
Have they ever met the woman?
And uh probably not a handmaid
Where are you starting? next session 
sounds good
it does
and im the rat
?
isnt jett the noble
oh
since milo is a paladin
i figured
yeah
or at least a non profitable
Red Penny’s Pussy Playground can be a non-profit organization 
fair enough 
yeah
and give them a percentage 
if i work hard enough 
good thing i can get it legitamized with the guild
i know
we can sell them drugs while their at it
invite the nobles to do the dirty with whatever they can imagine on our grounds far outside city walls, where all their secrets will be safe
fill it with changeling whores
build establishment that is just a whorehouse
everything's finished
okay
gonna add the bonds
okay backstory is done
lmao
I see
fair enough.
so he's not in the know, he just sees a lotta shit
hunt dragons for startup money
probably not dragons or probably not a member?
also is Jack Kelly a member of the thieves' guild?
i mean how rare?
huh
yeah
doable
outsourcing is the future, after all.
i'd def hire some other scrub to do it for me
petty thievery is not up my alley anyway
dank
it's worth
we gotta pay for primium fences
Fair enough.
we want those
yeah
she'd probably be siphoning off a bit of her pay toward guild dues
your choice
but she'd have informed them that she's been hired by someone for a long term job before all this began
would take missions if the guild required them of her
yeah probably
probably permanent contract then
OH
giving contracts vs taking them
oh
what's the difference?
thieves'  
also i guess if there's a thieve's guild she'd be a part of it
rly gay
that's
Kelly
and maybe the jack kenny guy
a few connections with the dockworkers
same gang, coming up with a story for that
the end
Now Missy hates them.
Missy's dad was a surgeon, got contracted by hresvelgs to remove a rune from a captain who had royally botched an expensive shipment. The captain was still alive, and dr dad refused to do the operation for moral reasons. Was kidnapped and forced to do under threat.
hresvelgs are a noble family?
i've got an idea
im putting a completely new face and backstory on the same exact character
ok fuck it
ok
which might be better
idk how this links to milo's story and seems much more like a completely fresh start
cause
also i may have to completely redo my backstory
off the list?
eric do you want me to make people up or just choose some
no, im busy today gotta do it tomorrow 
I gotcha
we should not have free money
good
*what they will
now players do with that information at will
"One of your informant's passes you a note. X rich people will be at Y crossroads by Z hour." 
and it's something simple like
a carriage robbery is a good idea
uh
or break into a house to kill someone
just in case someone decides to rob someone
at least one
another estate
never a bad idea to have one prepared
may be important to have one
don't know
an arena
you prepare session by session
agreed
that sounds pretty dank
currently
but i don't know any wizards
could do that with the help of a wizard maybe
That sounds like something a bit out of my area of expertise
Maybe a bit of blackmail
Missy would be particularly interested in robbery and assassination
several sessions down the road
anyway that sounds like stuff to worry about like
yeah
oh god that sounds like putting up a big red "Assassins this way!" flag.
mhm
but we don't rly want people paying attention to us when we're weak and easily taken advantage of
maybe somewhere along the way we can start fixing up the place
then start strategically eliminating everyone between us and the throne
build or buy an establishment in the city (for me) to gather information and make connections
as long as we've got a place to hoard our cash
then i think we should focus on getting a shitton of money and not fixing the place
if that's the case
you wish
clean money Xd
i thought there were specific people that needed to be dealt with at some point
anything else is a waste of time
in terms of the options that are available to us. we gotta fix our shit up
ok so basically there wasn't an actual choice that needed to be made here
i just work for the owner
but it's not mine
try and clean it up
to sell it
im gonna try and excavate that shit
that said if we go into like a mine and find a portal to the elemental plane of salt
recruiting a whole bunch of assets without knowing what we're trying to accomplish with them is kinda dumb imo
i'm still gonna push for trying to see what we're up against
i mean how much disposable income do we have?
im gonna push for action
so starting with recruiting sounds a bit like running in circles
as long as stuff is happening, and we're not running in circles, i'm good
me i like to make shit happen
and the party won't agree
but parsa doesn't like making decisions if the party doesn't agree
and parsa's a pretty good player who'll make decisions and push the party along
jett just wants his character to be cool
milo is just in it to bool around
and miles doesn't do anything
that i know how miles and milo and jett and parsa play
the problem with that is
so we're forced to go into recruiting
but make it too hard for our limited resources
i suggest going straight into sabotage and shit
they'll do whatever you set out for them
i think making that assumption is pretty warranted 
i know that so far I have and parsa has
they just gotta read the damn thing
yeah
and we need to fix it up and apparently hire a good amount of people
but we won’t have the means to do much with it until we get a boatload of money
i know
and at the very least it won’t be all that relevant for another few levels
not if they read it
no
i’ve been dogsitting for my uncle all week
cause of the dogsitting shit
anyway 
i’ll probably be in santa monica by like 10-12
what time is it at?
im ret
oh
and no
for what?
and help us shoot aliens
maybe in that timeframe you can convince milo to stop playing gay persona
8 mins
i’ve known her since i was like 8-9
nah karen is cool
lol
not my call
server was greedy
gypsy last second arrival assholes 
i got fucked by the
like 11
btw
im gonna be late
no
yeh
like 10-10:30
that shit fun
id be down
im at work sor
hah
yeh
vayne’s better with items
trist sucks
but i hate trist
that sounds dank
demon is a good idea though
warmog gnar is a beast
that is pretty good
lmao
i like yordles plus nid and shyv for the shifter bonus health on gnar
yordles are op man
thats a good amount 
yeah but what about when he’s targeting other 3*s
seraph shojin deathcap tho
without items?
LOL
oh
?
is a thing
vertical jump height
also
that's 20 feet
and going up
by shooting
if there's a wall nearby
you can fly
wait
is fucking funny
that
is it not, though?
yeah close quarters shooter is better
well
if you do that horizon walker would be pretty good as well
with wis and str
though
helps if you wanna play a dual wielding melee ranger
that's true
fucking rangers
and you get medium armor proficiency
fuckin rangers
ohhh
wait did you roll?
you've been rolling well too then
i got full tard rage hp available
35 max hp at level 3
and now im a tanky motherfucker
is i've rolled really well on hp both times
all i know
I guess so
it's nice
where nothing happens
the farmland
uhh
the bruke, where you'll get shanked cause someone wants the lint in your pockets
and nobody does anything right
where the city is always corrupt
you got david
nah it's lit
which. my character wouldn't want to do. we just gotta redeem ourselves
unless we try and escape the empire for somewhere else
yeah if we're escaping from jail and being put on the run it'll probably stay pretty scripted
well
eh
a roof would have been weird
the wall was surrounding a garden
not that out of place in a fantasy world imo
magical burning glyphs to make it so thieves don't try and climb your walls and steal your shit?
i didn't mind that
I guess so
walls?
it would literally never have happened
so we got put in crybaby jail
but parsa bitched
the scene was over and we were free
the king had ended it and adjourned the court session before we were imprisoned
so he put us in crybaby jail
we ended up there because parsa bitched and moaned to redo the fuckin court scene
no
in the prison?
i was dying in the bathroom, so all i know is someone said we'd be executed and jett decided he needed to kill
and then we just walk out
or wait for parsa to do his mage hand thing
we were fine
in fact, the fact that he died like a retard for his retard play makes me like that segment a bit more now
jett just played like a retard
i still think that wasn't milo's fault
and not getting assraped by guards like they were in the prison it shouldn't be a problem
but if jett and miles are doing their jobs correctly
its pretty lame
that's very wizard of legend
i do like the teleporting though
that's kinda cool
holy shit it does
wow
i didn't think darkvision stacked
does it tack onto your current dark vision?
i fucking ate chicken and now i have ebola
nothing
also im sick and dying
you can also push hard on that "i fucking hate drow" shit
you can also push hard on that "i fucking hate drow" shit
with the gloomstalker flavoring
that said if you like having your big fuck you moment right at the beginning of combat, then like go for it
thats what i think
turn 1 ambush is lame in long combats
will do
management sucks apparently
nothing is set in stone
idk
or later
yeah.
no
100%
if that happens i'm killing him and giving his soul to sporaghor
i'm THINKING of killing him, but only if we get in a situation where we're absolutely fucked.
in character
cause he's a fuckin little bitch
was that parsa used the FUCKING portal coins to throw away the very useful necromancy coins
where we left off
but he did get in
he had to beat the dude over the head to get in
yes
and you gave us those coins to place around to fuck shit up
the city
fucking kill me
we snuck into uh
that's fine
EIGHT?
8?
you can tell everyone im jacking off idc
im busy
i have 10 minutes 
later
but exploration makes sense i guess
dude just do whatever
(puke)
yeah
cause it was stupid as fuck
yeah
my mental is broke af tho
oh, more or less
yeah, it's not like im going anywhere
for tomorrow?
understandable 
a lot of people hate low level shit
tbh i don't think that's too hard to find
they have 0 handle on any situations
completely true
and the dog’s leash got caught on the mirror
knocked me over and dragged me and one of the dogs like 10 feet cause the dumb bitch was scared
earlier
shit
p o s s i b l y
its not that bad
nah i didn’t go
feels real bad
might have broken my foot n shit
while walking my dogs
like actually hit
i got hit by a car today you do it
nope
nah her outfit is just stupid
cause rn she's the odd one out in the freljord aesthetic
they better change ashe's in game model to look like she does in this fuckin comic
lets see this shit
alright finished walking my dogs
but that doesn’t mean they’re cool
yeah
nice
and nobody knows
so lissandra is just the omegabitch 
but even more immortal
lissandra is ice sauron?
so
is the fact that taliyah lived there for a bit for no discernible reason
the only not lame part of freljord
freljord is so lame
but
but
but
but
but
but
why does it have a glossary?
thats 20%
i’ll read 2
but the writing gets much better  as it goes
cause its one of the dude’s first story
the first couple chapters are really really fucking iffy
in worm?
how far did you get?
its marvel, who’s got a shaky track record concerning story telling to begin with
cause first of all
thats not even a half decent comparison
2 picture books are for kids
1 no it doesn’t 
i’ll read the first two pages and if it doesn’t grab me by there i’ll stop
how about this
professional doesn’t mean better
definitely not
theres a lot
oh
it’s a webserial, deconstructs the superhero genre and makes it really really fucking good.
nah if you’d read worm you’d understand 
i’d rather read worm or ward
don’t have time for that
its a lissandra comic?
cause ashe is boring 
no
oh eric, thanks again for driving me back to the train station last night, that was very cool of you.
heading there though
not yet
im busy getting drunk 
nope to going home
nope
understandable 
play with milo
idk
so
between 4 and 8 for the movie
we’ll probably hang out both before and after
rip
oh
no im doing that tomorrow 
no FUCK you
im at work but there’s nothing happening. Prob gonna leave soon
N I G G E R
?
i know it wasn't either
shoulda said that before you fucked off
hell no
you fuckin monkey get on.
oi
Legs
work
?
and the dude's a petty mutherfucker first and foremost, so that's not worth
but then he wouldn't be able to talk for like a day
or he could shut up and make her fire a spell
and like, make her move and do things
but he can't take over
she can't stop him from talking
neither of them are strong enough to fully overpower the other
cause he's too weak to actually take over
and is very upset with the whole ordeal
and can talk
is a demon hunter, except the demon inside is completely aware of what is going on
yeah basically what im suggesting
he'll be depressed as fuck
so when he comes out and realizes that he can only manifest himself as an imp
and it'll be a chain pact
and he wants beer
demon will be offended at being served milk and shit cause the girls 12
it'll be great
the dynamic is supposed to be very drastic
moreso than the rest of the demon hunters
like the doomlord azgoth tho
yea
regardless i'm still gonna be a 12 year old girl that speaks like a male adult demon
but that could work too
i was thinking of it being more of a symbiosis
i guess so
shitty demon couldn't 1v1 a lvl 20 pc
yeah that's the point
well that's what i was suggesting
girl is LE demon is CG
demone is LE girl is CG
the demon makes the decisions 90% of the time and the girl just confirms or denies
but mainly the demon
both
sure
like annie but without the bear, i guess.
so it's a demon trapped inside a 12 year old
metaphorically ofc
and then the demon tries to cut a deal and is eaten
then, either team could find a box containing a shitter level devil that's been trapped in a box in the temple, or she could just be visited by a shitty demon that thinks it can take this little 12 year old's soul
daughter Tobin learns of it and vows to take vengeance
It'd be ez, too. Etan ints and dies in combat as usual
*the pc
and the daughter is just a vessel for the patron
where the patron is the character
but with one added twist
and no sorc levels
just a fiend patron warlock
it's technically the same character
cause that is what i had planned on doing for a while. 
and then swap to his daughter
can i kill my character next session?
yo eric
what the f u c k?
w a i t?
i do have some african in me
i walk fast
im in the village 
and you can train your shitty dog not to pee and shit on your stuff
and your clothes 
but you can wash yourself 
maybe
now because i walked past two black women, can you tell me why they always smell like fucking dog piss
im on jefferson
dash is for fags though
fuckin dash maybe 
no good ones
how fucking trashy usc is
considering 
which i cant promise 
15 mins assuming no altercations with the locals
more than far enough 
this shits fucking omega gay
i know.
yes
if you cant afford a city service that is basically free?
but apparently you guys at usc are too trashy to afford bus stops
and i assumed it would turn back to vermont to hit all the usc stops
and just didn’t stop for 10 mins
and put me on fucking normandie
*right wtf
because the bus turned left
37th st walking to vermont then to mcclintock
idfk
i’ll check in a sec
yeah
until i make one when game starts
and they probably won’t have a decision 
you can put it out there
i finished making snake bitch's stats, gear, and feats so now im gonna go the fuck to sleep
you've got a while to figure it out
wow
okay
or getting all
are we choosing one?
of these guys
so
sounds good
actually nvm no
also our warlock is just a strictly better warlock than me
what a fucking layered meme
and then used the traits to describe dar's retardation?
and replaced it with something that uses his name format
wait you got rid of the name dar
lmao
you put dar in there?
marsspeaks@gmail.com
the simplest shit ever
like protecting or reclaiming a village 
yeah
which would be lame
but then we wouldn't be using half of this table you made
very true
so we can't have that
except then we'd be the army's shitters
and never upgrade it
just get pikemen
yeah ik
eks dee
i think we should spend as little money as possible on troops and just have them scout
i like that
is draw a dick
the first thing im gonna do
but you know me
that'd work
omegalul
and we lose our shit
then our troops just die on their missions
and if we don't
tbh i thought you were gonna make us keep track of it.
sounds like bullshit
managing that for 5 people
but yeah i get you
yeh
she can barely control her own hands
tnesi?
which is the person with the highest charisma
i think you should give command to the party face
so do we have to fight over which heroes we're gonna take on?
lul
i just want to know how it works
because it's your army, dude your rules.
i won't question it if you just say yes
before you answer
and
with heroes with troops beneath them?
5 people acting as a single officer
are all squads set up like this?
is 
my only question
think of the arguments that'll start
oh god
and the heroes are per person?
okay
or are they for the group?
are the troops we have per person?
also
esp for story
i think it's good
parsa's stupid
okay then
just the ones we have
so not our names?
what is the hero names row for?
will decide when i get home
cant read on my phone
giving me aids already 
ew google sheets
and as for drawing the spreadsheet idfk, just do whatever makes sense in your head
if you’re making the sheet to keep track of shit
slides is better actually, since you can make a page per character, then copy/paste the completed sheet on each one to edit separately later
or slides cause its the same shit
easier to do it in google drawings
google sheets is fucking gay
what are you using?
yeah exactly 
which would equate to ranks or something 
so they apply and we can pick one every two or so levels
like upper management could baby us, vix and vilenariel etc limits the amount of soldiers and veterans in our troops
*adventurers
or you could have our troops be limited to level somehow 
you could randomly decide yourself or you could just ask out of character 
i guess we should have them based on merit or them hearing of accomplishments and they just show up and ask to join
i see
the adventurers?
big cancers 
yikers those random spaces
i see
adventurers would just be standard spearmen that didn’t die
basically 
ok
and i guess we pay them per mission as well?
just buy all of them
oh you meant
you should be able to buy ones to replace troops we’ve lost
well yeah
that’d work
yeah
many apologies 
sorry
wtf omf
i mean, when etan dies obviously sporaghor won’t message
cause next character will be fiend patron
at least until etan dies
okay
i probably didn’t need to know that
jfc
lmao
cool
skype fucj off
hfs
That's what I do
a promotion???
getting
we
are
wot
to do some scouting or exploring 
it makes sense
i mean yeah we just took a city
i think it’d work well, considering we’re basically guerilla soldiers, which means a lot of needing to always be in the right place at the right time
time sensitive sessions i think are the way to go
meaning we can’t just rest at every opportunity 
with the battle above and the heat inside
i think last dungeon was really good with putting time restraints in place
oh btw eric
cause her pathos-laden daddy died a shitty meaningless death in some cave in the middle of nowhere?
sells her soul to satan in order to gain the power to kill everyone in the black empire?
cmon bruh
why is it weird to want to play an 11 year old who’s possessed by satan?
oi
an 11 year old
etan’s daughter
who would be
id just reroll into a warlock 
i don’t care
to make sure everyone keeps their word and i don’t get anything 
now, next session gimme the reward and immediately kill my character in combat
been waiting 
capital int or just regular 
lmao
 no
i like it
still vines are close enough to tentacles
*gross
that's fuckin gros
shit
oh
or what
tentacle blasts?
do i get to get some
yeah
yeah
gotta wait for his current tilt to wear off tho
so he's tilted
actually i'll do it saturday morning
and that parsa is dumb
and pretend that you didn't tell me
i will release it
and in 2 or 3 days
hold on to this puzzle information
now im gonna
oh fuck you
i haven’t tried 
except 
sure
lmao
basement is restricted
at the building 
L113
which sci building is it?
yeah
55-56
i mean the time to reach the station is the same
i see the streets
ik the station
never checked map
should reach usc station by like 12:55 or 56
which is the expo transfer 
i think im coming up on 7th st center
idk
uh fuckin
it’ll be fine i’ll shoot up the lobby or smth 
nw
dont know, leaving now, educated guess says around 1
yeah
clearly not driving is the correct answer 
to know wether or not to drive
train
ew paid parking
also, where, and is parking free?
i’ll ride over
when is this shit?
that sounds like horseshit
it's 54 minutes for me
you're driving
esp in indoor pools
but swimming's aigt
tanning is cancer
fair enough
just wondering
why that in particular?
a requirement to be added as a full member of your family over there
unless pure blood taiwanese is like
as long as your wife isn't a feminist
idk if this shit becomes legal, you should be fine
which will only get easier to get
and not stifle it so it doesn't go hog fucking wild in its teens and od cause of bad influences and the relative ease of availability of hard drugs
then you just have to raise the thing semi properly
mhm
feels rather bad man
so i guess my kids will be retarded no matter what
ahh
so i can make my kids not have to be black
we should just shoot up all the libtards
who cares
hot damn
and im not marrying a nigger
my mom's half irish
i do
that's wonderful
holy shit i get to make my kids white
oh so they can't cure downs with implanted embryos?
but once they cure the downs, what downies am i gonna laugh at?
that's cool
i mean
right
cause that shit sounds boring as fuck
nor will i ever
i don't
do you ever read academic papers when you don't have to for classes?
[1541228298] Eric Huang: i need stuff happening

&lt;&lt;&lt; its like you read books the same way people watch marvel movies
but he could have done more
i think that's okay
i noticed that
reading that shit burns me out
im saying more chapters like dalinar's flashbacks to his drunken glory days
and show more of it
im not saying he should show the recreance
but there's too much stuff happening in the present
it does
and more flashbacks
*paralogue chapters
i'd have less problems with stormlight if sanderson added more of those paralogue chapters
i think
that said stormlight is much much better than catcher in the rye
there isn't a book where nothing at all happens though.
technically yeah.
like who cares if a bunch of nameless soldiers and a couple really shiny nameless soldiers manage to survive a gruesome fight against an army of nameless crab soldiers because a bunch of nameless dudes carrying a bridge decide to go back and save them.
stories are about people because events wouldn't happen without people. events are only relevant because of the effect they leave on people, otherwise you wouldn't care
but it's good because it portrays its character perfectly.
it's boring as fuck, don't get me wrong
and it's one of the most critically acclaimed books ever written
2 things happen in catcher in the rye
like
and the player needs to have some agency within the game
games and stories are different because games need to interract with the player
stories aren't games
but that's getting into psudeo-spiritual bullshit
but made into thousands of scenes and characters and ideas.
like a piece of the author's self.
the point of stories is to try to express things that can't be expressed in words, with words.
definitely not
yeah
numbers aren't themes
10 isn't a theme
right i forgot he set all that shit up
at least
i'd say bring that up to 12
and just take place over more books
and i think it should slow down
i don't think a lot of the events need to be in there
like
and that stormlight needs to chill the fuck out with it's events per book
i still stick to my opinion that its pacing is perfect
for you maybe
like, dumb people just want to fuck and get high most of the time
like, dumb people just want to fuck and get high most of the time
and have money so they can buy expensive shit
but i dont know if that's a fantasy that dumb people have?
yeah probably
makes the normal reader want to see him fail
and the fact that he feels grand for being brilliant
the fact that he's a lazy asshole and thinks he's the shit does.
that said the fact that he's a prodigy doesn't make him a good or compelling character
pretty novel for a bunch
yup
yeah
nope
since the only things that you can actually enjoy is the action and there isn't much of it
in that case
well i can see why you wouldn't like it
so
i don't
nvm i can see why you don't like it
pretty spot on
yeah
wtf why would you not want a character to be relatable?
so
kvothe ain't normal though
it makes for a more human character
because they're relatable
that's why they're good....
shallan is good in terms of flaws
chocked full of flaws
he's a fucking piece of shit through and through
young kvothe at least
actually yes
well
nope
and you're doing a good job of explaining why
also adolin is big gay
because she does have her shit together and she has it together consistently.
in the scenes with jasnah, she completely takes over
you're right about that
yeah but forced drama is called melodrama
and if the characters aren't otherwise usually portrayed as the smartest, wisest, or most capable in any given situation
i'd say yes if it was done less forcefully
but it does apply to kaladin and shallan pretty often
isn't precicely dalinar
which
by making his characters ridiculously stupid without too much reasoning
and giving you a bunch of life lessons
it sounds like the writer is treating you like a kid
when you state it so plainly
the thing is
just means the breakdown that makes me switch will be stronger 
yea
*now
well even better that im against it no
ic
lmao
cause you’d be fucked
good thing you didnt say earlier
this is more like it
🤔
a pussy made of balls tho
neither of those are pictures of niggers
uh
smd chink
i did tell you
ik
outside with dogs
i am not just yet
nope
show up like a wizard with a fantastic game at some company’s doorstep and say “pay me, bitch”
and yeah that makes sense
fair enough
got anywhere you’re planning to work after you finish this school shit?
for your last year
that’ll be cancerous
so annie’s going to usc too
thats pretty fucking solid
and that you have a parent who works there right
based on sat scores, right?
full?
im counting family paying as paying
scholarship?
feels motherfucking bad
to do it
youre paying 60000
instead
eks deeeee
lmao
in code
write that on the assignment 
oof
just pick one for stats then
okay
cause on this wiki page none of this shit really fits
yo, for backgrounds should we just do whatever?
with 6? a while
maybe if we're hitting prestige classes or smth
yeah
well
this could be parsa
if we find a jian
this is fucking edgy
edgy would be this
that's classic horror movie shit
that ain't edgy
i can be my dude's daughter
at least i know my next character
ay
c a n c e r r r r r r r r r r r
that one looks lvl 1 as fuck
maybe the last one
not lvl 1
but they look
i've got a few
long ass background that never gets used
lul
also well done?
sorry eric i got too into this campaign and wrote a long backstory again
it was pretty fuckin cool
i did
yeah
i can imagine
that sounds like some rich people shit
never heard of that one
oof
kneel?
my mom's barely black and even she's smacked me once or twice
did your grandparents hit you?
that's pretty weird
but it's not weird rare
tbh it's pretty rare
well
i don't even go on 4 chan and know that
everyone knows that
/b/ is cancer
which is good
transitioning from a /b/ro to a /fit/bro
you're more like
you're not a normie
also
why?
i guess so
lol
what
yeah
bitches wanna fly cross country
christmas and thanksgiving coming up
it's trapping season
that's it
don't give her money when she asks for it
for no reason
cause she lies
that i'd steer clear of
that's the type of bitch
lots of sense
yep
funniest shit i've ever heard
"Isn't that deoderant"
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
HOAMADFUUADS
alright
oof
okay
oh
oh ok
this is the subclass
The Great Old OneExpanded Spell ListThe following spells are added to the warlock spell list for you.Spell Level	Spells1st	Dissonant Whispers, Tasha's Hideous Laughter2nd	Detect Thoughts, Phantasmal Force3rd	Clairvoyance, Sending4th	Dominate Beast, Evard's Black Tentacles5th	Dominate Person, TelekinesisAwakened MindStarting at 1st level, you can communicate telepathically with any creature you can see within 30 feet of you. You don't need to share a language with the creature for it to understand your telepathic utterances, but the creature must be able to understand at least one language. Additionally, the creature does not gain the ability to telepathically reply, despite you being able to speak to it.Entropic WardAt 6th level, when a creature makes an attack roll against you, you can use your reaction to impose disadvantage on that roll. If the attack misses you, your next attack roll against the creature has advantage if you make it before the end of your next turn. Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you finish a short or long rest.Thought ShieldStarting at 10th level, you have resistance to psychic damage, and whenever a creature deals psychic damage to you, that creature takes the same amount of damage that you do. Additionally, your thoughts can't be read unless you allow it.Create ThrallAt 14th level, you can use your action to touch an incapacitated humanoid. That creature is charmed by you until a Remove Curse spell is cast on it, the charm condition is removed from it, or you use this feature again. You can communicate telepathically with the charmed creature as long as the two of you are on the same plane of existence.
oh shit
the daughter you say?
oh
don't really know
or archfey
the great old one
i was thinking going and striking a deal with one of the eldritch horrors to help them take down izoldi would be pretty cool
but i didn't know which one to pick
well i'd need a patron
yeah
fuck
im not about to play warlock without metamagic
im just dipping into sorcerer for some fuckin metamagic
no
and gonna go into warlock
im a sorcerer rn
*help make the multiclass
actually i wanted to ask if somewhere around level 4 you could help me out and make the multiclass make sense
yuh
and just fucking make everyone stand still and be blinded and proned and confused so that team always has advantage
i just decided because i was playing warlock and had access to hunger of hadar i might as well grab some more control spells
no
yuh
so im gonna cc
im playing cc mage
regardless im not doing either of those things
yuh
and less convoluted
cause that's less buttons to press
so you can attack, smite, then quicken into a disintegrate or smth
lmao
sorc paladin
no
seaming hot shit
just in the wrong way
and they were right
people were talking about it like it's the hottest shit
nvm that's retarded
coffee lock means i can't use mystic arcanum spells
oh wait
anyway
and thus getting less value
and more potential sorc points
cause i'm using up more slots
cause that's gay
and a few other modifiers
with agonizing blast
yes
and never run out
i could start consuming saved spell slots en masse for sorcery points
if we ever come into a scenario where we just need to pump out lots and lots of damage
but
anyway
so most of the time i can just use those, and my primary damage would just be quickened double eldritch blast
which means i'll have warlock slots
usually between fights there's time for a short rest at least
but also why i was thinking of doing it for the luls
thats why i was thinking of not doing it
its true
you're ok with me breaking resource management?
cause i'll have the slots to just do whatever
or if i run favored soul and just greater restoration myself
not if im an elf
so with warlock slots that come back every short rest, you can do this indefinitely
sorcs can convert spell slots to sorcery points and sorc points to spell slots
unlimited spellslots via sorcery point&gt;spellslot conversion and never ever sleeping
and do you mind if i run a coffeelock?
eric how hard are you planning to go for the combat?
i can't find it either...
oof
minus Ai who was not a dickhead
and their gang of dickheads?
+ the son and the daughter
werent we just using the regular forgotten realms ones?
you're not keeping the picture?
goddammit
you fuckin got me with that one
.
lemme check
thats exactly what i said
that's what i said
19 very soon
well
...
19
cool
1700s american vix’elin
doin a new setting though
he’s
fuck yea
the vix’elin picture’s back?
getting there
with u and parsa?
want me to put the randumbs into a skype group?
sounds good
to fuck with parsa
and suggested naming himself something chance
which is why i suggested tymora
no
i think a tome warlock
also im gonna play a sorcerer, then multiclass full into warlock. That sound alright
and names himself x Chance
hopefully he goes cleric of tymora
the last guy is going cleric
She’s had some rough dnd games recently. and is excited to have a dm who gives a shit
so i’m sorting her as “cool” for now.
but she hasn’t talked like a feminist yet
her picture is greyscale so i cant tell if her hair is half black half white or half black half blonde, but it looks like she could possibly be a feminist?
wants to play a rogue, druid, or cleric
she’s cool
cause grim didnt minmax shit
not
except
named professorfox
wants u to message him on reddit too
the barb druid guy has been playing for 8 years is 24 and is a bit of a min-maxer. He seems alright
and if its not cancer we’ll keep him
so before i kick him i’ll hear out his character 
i think he could be cool
so anime weeb kitsune boy is nice
but yea i’ll give you the lowdown
that shits my favorite game, so i wont stop till i’ve gotten all you niggers to try it
aint shitposting when ur serious 
im not absolver shitposting
i just got off work like 2 mins ago
i can send you usernames
no
kys
cause i start work in 5 mins
give me a couple hours
alright
and another 25% chance he plays a plucky gay arcane trickster anime boy
im saying theres a 25 percent chance this dude plays a tabaxi anime girl and a 50% chance he plays a kitsune anime girl
i dont think thats how he meant it
he typed the word virtuous out of character and pressed send
yea
which makes sense when i look at him
he says he can be anything but usually sticks to innocent, timid, virtuous types
not one i’ve mentioned so far
kick him?
i want to die
i want to die
i want to die
i said yes to this dude and his skype picture is this
lots of people want to play hexblades
also this one
its not edgy, just pissed me off
ik
and just copy pasted that shit
its like he didn’t read the post at all
idk its not the cringiest shit but this was the reply that got me pissed off
so i took a screenshot
cant copy paste on my phone
alright
tell you in a sec
to work
had to get going
oh
ex slave trying to fit in, no class yet and random hero #2, no class
plus a barb/druid who seemed cool
the two that i mentioned earlier
cancer
i have to have full blown conversations with these fuckers cause they cant follow the instructions in the post
fucking kms
he didnt say one
this is paraphrased
"Probably gonna get rejected, I want to join ur group never played dnd never used roll 20 but imma fast learner."
oof
never touched r20
no dnd games played
how are u with noobs?
without commenting
several pm'd
i will though
no
lmao
i can hold out for more
aight
yuh
yep
in general
and other people
ye
so no
we already have parsa
and
the rest had time concerns or wanted to play edgy shit like treachery paladins snd necromancers 
the first is a girl so im pretty sure she won’t be a white knight
the other wants to wait to fill out the group, knows we’re good aligned and has been playing for a while so knows his shit
one wants to be an outwardly kind/carefree inwardly very self-conscious type character, who’s very concerned about fitting in
no classes yet
six answered 
two good ones
do we want more than 4?
ok
who cares tho?
and put it on reddit
imgur
i already put it on imgr
that sounds like some bullshit
this is why i won't change it
yeah
people are desperate to play dnd
already have 2 answers and one person who was honest enough to admit that they'd have trouble staying up long enough.
kms
god
YG
and listen to fuckin
because normal people are boring
fuck em
i didn't say i was the dm
it doesn't reflect on you anyway
why
just cause i already did it
but i'd rather not.
could do that
and i mean i don't think it comes off as petty as much as it does as a request to please be sure you won't fall asleep mid session
maybe, but in the long run it'll make more sense for people when/if there are characters introduced that parsa and i already know and start saying "oh shit" about.
yeah.
*fault
because it was his faukt
for falling asleep
but i blamed atlas
i did
yeah
and am adding the other shit now
oh i made the post
but i didn't think about it
i should have
sounds good
oh shit
we're fucking fighting izoldi
w a i t
which is always a plus
gonna piss parsa off
tbh i like that we're keeping the "elves are better than you" thing
sounds good
or can some not be?
so are all the pcs gonna be black empire slaves?
and it's very apparent what we're fighting and what type of character u wanna make
don't need it to be more complicated
good enough
his brain can't catch up with the rest of his body
he's running too fast
he plays warwick
shouldn't have to tell people that
rather than giving him a chance to gain a gold advantage
sets back their adc
killing ez&gt;killing sona
pretty retarded
that's...
tru
yeah but isn't that what i do?
what did he do?
lmao
figured
feels bad, i worked early
no campaign tonight, right?
post made
sure
how many niggas u want btw?
sounds like a plan
and this is the only one getting exodus’ed
i’ve got too many fkn active group chats on my skype
wat do
everyones leaving
i love being mindbroken
or a monk again
*then
i’ll be a sorc them
okay
that motherfucker
after i fucking told him i wamted to make a gunslinger 
parsa’s makinf a ginslinger?
wat
sounds good
so hell no
oh
can i have a rifle
and whats the era of the setting?
how long ago did this resistance start?
yea
so we can be elves?
ok
w    h    a    t
n o   e v i l   c h a r a c t e r s
fuck it
yeah
yeah, why?
would be pretty cool yeah
11/10\
scariest fish ever
i can fucking get down with that
that's pretty nutty
ic
lemme google black empire
black empire campaign?
if you like all that tho go right ahead
you don't gotta do all that
if you're finding making all the maps and shit to be a pain in the ass
also
but yea lets try and keep going
i like the last idea
if he does it again i'll give him the talk and look for someone else
but this is fuckin 5 weeks in a row
i've fallen asleep, yeah
we should drop him
yes
if atlas fuckin falls asleep mid session this saturday
imma be honest
yo
For what?
suck my fag dick
yea cant make that
what time is kbbq with the boys?
eric you have big gay
understandable
thats some good shit
nice
i got what you meant
still w/e
fucking wrong
fucking
not
^
and leave you with a kid that doesn't have a dad or some shit
well personality rating in the long run is about whether or not she's gonna fuck you out of all of your money
milo's a virgin fag tho
don't know her so i can't rate personality or anything
fuck the other girl this one's a high 8 low 9/10 looks.
rip
she looks too good in shorts and a cut off shirt
but everything else is fire
cause i don't like
her nose tilts me
that was fast, ty
wo
i guess i won't make that mistake anymore
i skimmed it but didn't realize there was a soul in it.
lilith's awake?
she doesn't really know what it does though.
even cio doesn't yet
under the right circumstances definitely yes, but as is, it's just a solid maybe
that son of a bitch
so gemi is the one who fucked everything up
ah
Lyreth in Gemi’s favor
i specifically remember a bet between Lyreth and Vilde about that
did gemi ever bag ai?
wait
he had good influences
definitely a possibility 
its better than i thought it’d be
yeah
yes. yes i do.
but
havent had the chance to fully read it
i like just got home
my aunt is a psycho bitch, that's where.
im just fuckin with u
wait its tonight?
this one’s got a little too much going on imo
humans aren't
you're having us be the bad guys technically
but i don't think it's all there
i'll try that shit next time
when my dumbass teams don't surrender
can't stay
that shit’s mine
dibs
wtf
does that mean izoldi is a sword as well?
and is a sword?
nidhe is a precursor?
w8
and he was the most hyped
he missed the first week cause he was asleep
but atlas is a bool
yup
skype auto response is pretty dank
I am curious as well.
lemme try an experiment 
oof
we get ghosted
as soon as im available 
idk
to the same result
i also asked belmont
same
and no
no
he's good
that's big cancer
we definitely can't kill kai
it was a good design, it just isn't
we're so fucked
don't tell me he actually has vilya
hour late but w/e
yeah sure
cool
o o f
does the 1 rerolling apply to the pull, as well?
if i were to make it brutal
yo eric, about that dagger, convergence
looks good
now you can see the whole thing
t h e    r o s e ?
v i l y a
esp around the hilt
but yea its cool
id like it if i could like see the sword better
lots of glowy energy stuff
yikers
i figure we need at least one thing for each item we took, OR that list
good thing you have a thief, a sneaky boi, and several idiot motherfuckers to cause distractions 
but
and i’m the most retarded one
cause party is made up of bools
damb now im worried
cause the magic loss thing
mhm
diplomacy and let parsa flame you for not dying for your ideals
or die
so i guess we just gotta go for diplomacy
so they’ll know
yeah
by viciously slaughtering them
is turn all the eladrin into babies
so the best we can do
yikers
uh oh
oh
actually don’t answer that
they’re all in the jade gardens though, right?
cause they’re old as fuck and bored?
oof
are they still alive?
they’re fucked up
yea man
ok so significantly less broken, sweet
cool
ok
OH
but that’d be under very special circumstances 
and just chain that
i could jump on a fool’s back, stab the fool, leave it in and bonus action dash away, then recall it and attack someone else next turn
or if im very stylish
very true
 true
dash, hide, use item, attack with offhand, or pull back dagger
especially since my bonus action is like 5 different things now
i like, that balances it out
this means i can’t heal on a bonus action if i want to be action efficient with this weapon though
i guess we’re running the charity job in every city
alright.
how many?
yes
j e s u s   f u c k i n g   c h r i s t
it definitely pops out more
nice
OH
oh
did you just change the bg and add the energy stuff?
Hyped
what gay boys
g a y
a hell cloak
or like
lets make Cio’s heresy as obvious as possible 
fuck it
make it a hell dagger
i guess one powerful one.
i mean as long as its not nierya tier im fine
the one single one?
i dont wanna be broken
murder is my middle name
ez
i’ll take that deal lmao
cio would swear herself to this nigga or something once they get him the words of power, cause thats some scary shit 
words of power would be op
yea
just want to know what i know ic
ok cool
also was cio not there or did you play her?
which item do we give him from killing kai?
OH SHIT
oh
its only his if it comes off the continent?
ez
collecting souls?
cio?
lul
but thats my fault for stacking int
but thats my fault for stacking int
i do know that my attack modifiers are VERY low
soooooo
but i can heal as a bonus action
likely weaker
either a dagger or something that makes me invisible.
im working rn gimme like an hour and a half to finish up and think about it
HOLY SHIT
THOSE FOOLS
OH WHAT THE FUCK
can i name the specific thing down to the letter?
anything i want?
whichever’s easier for you my man
oh sick
i missed the loot part
oof, feels bad
oh
like a couple times
like a couple time
or do we gotta plane hop?
so we’re teleporting there?
lmfao
* continent
oh so we’re sailing to the urithuru island
so party got contracted into killing kai so now we’ve gotta get a sword that can do it?
thats for kai?
oh fuck i forgot the trials
and met kai?
yeah
pretty sure yeah
understandable
that was like a month and a half ago
jett’s a fool
thats
what u mean sad?
lol
ive got to deal with this shit
lucky for you im paying for the decision already 
fair
since the shit’s saturday now i’m gonna be going there instead 
but
i managed to swap shifts with one of the dudes here
the blue looked better than i thought it would 
ye it looks good
purple shoulders
yea thats good
also makes the lighting on the pants more realistic
that one’s good
they do look bright
or cover the clothes with a layer of really opaque grey
fade the colors a bit
but light bends expectations a bit
dark is too edgy
please
light
he looks
nice
nice
work gay
yea they changed it to saturday and didn’t say anything 
dont communicate anything
these motherfuckers
unless i get off early
but i cant fuckin make that shit
at least thats what i originally heard from uti
*sunday
it was that i was going to milo and jett’s to watch end of evangelion and play mario tennis on sunsay
well jett’s retarded
that im not going to
that was a plan for sunday
wat
so idk what you mean?
i actually did get hour shifted
que?
?
oh nvm i remember him noe
from
 kai
I want to say an elf, but I also wanna try and do the Izoldi thing, so Verellion imo
yea definitely
and taravangian is big gay
he’s a cucklord
yea fuck moash ur right
wat
i thought it was a side one
is that #4 or a side story
warbreaker?
like a while ago
i already did
that sounds like a fucking riot
so Cio would be down to party with a bunch of angry daughter -hating elves
sounds good
especially with no godly backup
ye
and he had no self-motivation
especially since gemi was the sort of mc
last campaign felt rushed since we just sort of blazed through the main quest
also js, the reason i dont want to head north to fight velenel is cause i dont want to rush the campaign.
so even if we head south we can like keep an ear out for elves
the elves are all over then
cool shit though
yea i assumed so, i only meme
YEW PRAVAAL?
does that include
but most are back
so some elves stayed dead
alright
brb
went to feed my dog
that'd be like
and he's just playing everyone
if i can't research it i'm fucked
it's stuff you said out loud, right?
is it cause of parsa's lore shit, or just cause parsa is a smart cookie and figured it out
that's just the kid
it's literally the shattered plains
that's good
rogue action economy is op
bonus action dash
well yea thats the plan
which is what i do anyway
and only ever attack while flanking
aside from not get flanked
tf am i supposed to do?
i dont have any ranged weapons tho
and i die
my bets are everyone but atlas who made the cleric is shit at combat
yes
to go out for fuckin dinner or smth
and im leaving like 20 mins after i get home
on the bus
nope
it's a nice ass map
she hasn't lied to me
i think she's cool
and then they'd realize that that nigga was the shit
im gonna eat a goddamn burger first
b l e h
lol yeah
im good for 6
which means finding a map of the castle somehow
we’ll try sneaking and killing him in bed
but ok
how tf did i become party leader
idfk lmao
it’s hilarious 
everyone who plays it is fucking retarded
but
the game would be stupid
you don't have to give a fuck about getting big
so if you aren't a scrub
and you can kill people by running into their lines while they're drawing the boxes
it's like slither, but a with a win condition that lets you play really agressively
that isn't trash
you don't even land your qs?
that's different from having a skillshot  that is the size of a jungle pathway that essentially guarentees a kill
it's gotta be like
stormlight can't be live action tho
it's better than harry potter in every way
little witch shit is just some fucking japanese crack head's adaption of harry potter
you can't end a story on a plot development like that
because then it isn't the end of that story
cause then they'd have to take that somewhere
i'm glad they didn't do that
and they're a single klaxo herm?
it's a better story having them die anyway
that's too good of an ending
no that's gay
that's a good as fuck ending
i didn't think she'd get any more development
lul
oathbringer&gt;league
you aren't wholefoods until 8:11
if you're not back within 10 mins you know what'll happen
i'll be waiting
we don't have to wait until 8
theres a book for azure too?
tf
navani, jasnah, lyn, shallan, azure, syl, fuck it
But i’m still a fan of a Kaladin that rolls in all the bitches
But i’m still a fan of a Kaladin that rolls in all ghe bitches
Kaladin and Azure works.
Ok well now that Azure is a thing
that's too normie
don't think i didn't catch that
and there's the cult of moments?
feed my dog tho
i gotta get home and
sure
i’ll also go over character creation with them
i’ll do that
ok
one hasn’t played yet but has been dying to and goes over the rules like all the time and shit
and they’ve all played before
they’re all between 18 and 22
one’s dawson and one’s chaz abd the other two are east coast and probably went to sleep before i remembered to ask names
remembering the names
i was just
all guys, ik
ye
i’ll put em all in a skype group with you and parsa after this session and milo quits
there were some older but i didnt pick em
our age
and most were pretty cool
a shitton did
yea
and i responded to most of em
they replied late
anyway
i said pm me
i didnt say reply
nananah
i told the people to pm me so i already know the replies cant read
all pms
fuck it i'm done.
so i'm picking boys for you anyway
i didn't get a response
you're so lucky you don't have to deal with this shit
not sure about them yet
wow
3 responses already
fuck you bitchass
yea cause its a good ass name
lul
idgaf
why?
ass
luckily you dont know my reddit username
i hope you didnt look that shit up
post done, though
i fuckin hate writing in advertisement-style
l u l
sure
so 4 people tops
how many do we want?
yea sure
im a little busy
not rn
sure i’ll join
for sure
or it was in character
yeah he memed, but it was generally within the confines of the story
i mean
and tried things
yea but at least he was having fun
same tbh
cool
ok
its too bad
shardblades are spren, shardplate is probably made of spren, fabrials are spren trapped in fuckin gemstones
glue in stormlight’s worldbuilding
spren are the fuckin
fuck that shit
they’d just be like “oh spren, lol gay”
or not understand
if you were to introduce them
that fuckin nobody would understand spren
kinda sucks
rip
and that it's also home to an evil murderspren?
yea that's better
nanana i'm still convinced that the big high elf city that you talked about in the west is just urithuru
parsa's guy
you've got the son, the daughter, and the uhhh what's his name
kal wasn't just a slave
is awesome in it's own right
i liked kaladin's flashbacks though
they're better than shallan's
its fucking good.
so i wouldnt have to stop 
bought each book ahead of time
i fuckin
yea man
almost halfway
actually i have friday free too
wait
but i have both saturday and sunday nights free after 5
is my best day
tomorrow
yea that’s unavoidable i guess
oh
his face is too thin if he’s a teen
thats true
oh
hard to look edgy when you’ve got a crown made of flowers though
not all that edgy
he looks good to me
it’s aight
sounds like ass
working with kids
oh man
damage spells
and he only has
jett is our caster
i dont have any
l m a o
i have no idea how anyone could ever combat this shit
if you ever wanna ruin our entire day
yo eric
didnt see, rip
cant
pattern is so much danker in oathbringer
its called edgedancer
in the foreward for oathbringer
i saw that
hot damn
that one
yea man
and then everything afterward
the fight between kaladin and szeth
WoR ended so fucking well
holy shit man
pattern is the retard
some more than others
well yeah
havent gotten there yet
definitely great
yep
d a m n
hot
“dont worry, i’ll be careful not to let our chulls get close”
“that face of yours could kill any man from a distance”
destroyed that thot immediately 
to shallan
“i’m captain of his guard, woman.”
kaladin just gets better and better
fuck that bitch
ofc
over the plane
you read it right?
chapter 34
uh
yea no i do remember that
oh my fucking god
really
i’d totally forgotten
goddam
shallan’s shardblade
words of radiance
shallan is hard
holy fuck, man
im good
me or parsa?
a min or two
im leaving in like
Probably this weekend
its too good
i know
yeah
everything fits too well
thats just too much
the shardblades being meant to kill those spren that make bodies out of stone
fuck, sanderson’s worldbuilding is so good
gonna start as soon as i finish
i have it already
and the voidbringers are the parshmen
H O L Y   F U C K
i fuckin knew that
well yea
her charcoals
or like
is her spren?
her fuckin drawing shit?
oh
where he meets taravangian
im at szeth’s chapter
nvm
well that chapter
im there right now
is it the triangle head motherfuckers?
yeah more or less
i’ll ignore it
but
i saw that for a sec
.
fuck yea
honorspren
yea man
blew kaladin’s mind right there
that was easily the best part
definitely
god damn
that shit was so fucking real
he tried to summon his blade twice
beat the shit out of the kid
dalinar walked into that room and made elkohar his bitch
that was the most badass fucking speech
i read it twice
that shit
man
fuck
god damn
yeah
holy fucking shit
chapter 20?
what
that was foreshadowed like
and sucks stormlight out of their fucking beards
Kaladin fucking jumps to it
i just started chapter 68
67 is fucking crazy
HOLY FUCK
thats pretty cool
so he’s dj’ing the little graduation party 
Jack Black’s kid goes to this school though
they all said pretty much the same thing
little kids giving speeches
fuckin
so they made all 17 of those kids give speeches
it’s a private school
i dont fuckin know
it literally just ended
ive been at my little bro’s elementary school graduation
7
nearly there
im at 55
elkohar is a fucking fool
i like adolin im just messing
very true
completely stump that dumbass adolin
good shit
yea
it probably does
and after shallan returned her soulcaster when she was poisoned
after jasnah’s lesson
i started just blowing through that shit
idrk
man i had to stop reading like just before kaladin confronts syl about his stormlight absorbing shit
idk
that arent rock or teft
fuck the bridge men
well he uses his right
oh
is a piece of shit
by using bridge men
made kaladin’s story interesting
freed dalinar of guilt
lul
fuck you
i should have mentioned that a while ago
sadeas is the shit
im still going so we’ll see i guess
rip
where dalinar digs the latrine in shardplate
chapter 28
uh
jfc
is such a cool fucking guy
dalinar
eric
if you think its cancer i’ll roll up something else
everything is on the sheet if you want to vet it for me
i included a background that wasnt on that backgrounds list in my new character
uh also
i can understand wanting to play a character that isnt op in the numbers sense, but literally nobody knows anything about jett’s character
i mean i guess he didn’t want it
yeah
we didn't
it does get better
you are right
so im reading more way of kings
the bus ride i long
that shit 10/10
bruh
it's a doggy dog world
cause when everyone's zipping around at a million miles an hour
unless they're in a rly high mobility game
he's just strong
he's not cool
he's just a stronger champion
sounds good
i forgot to say it earlier, i thought it was like pretty fast, but damn that fucked with my head
nice plot twist with the whole thing i set up for hansa btw
oh hell yeah
Thand is just the dude's name
cause the trash shoot was stuffed full
my boi jonah’s hallways were filled with trash
sounds like it was cancer
so how's the packing/moving out thing going?
it's
jett's a chucklefuck
i haven't finished making this asshole character
i'll do it tonight
dalinar's intro
i don't really remember
i'll get there soon enough
will be Jezrien Yaezrial Jezerezeh'elin
that's a good name
I'll name him
i'll name him
:(
I can't
if you'll allow it
cause i've got a focus on con, dex and cha rn
i mean yeah that'd be the type of guy i'll play
alright
alright
ok
fire based?
something big
ok
helps that im a mage too
sounds gucci
o o f
just dont tell anyone
the gay prince
can i be
ok
pretty sure the nigga's still schlept out
Not sure yet
lmao
Yeah we should
he asks what to do
and then
more cancer than what he already is
theres no way it can be
even though parsa changed
i feel like
yeah same
classic adventure
the wellspring discovery sounds like a
lets not do that then
understandable
the “fuck elves” campaign
pretty dank
that sounds
oh okay
wait that was the name of the war?
oh
thats in setting 2, right?
oh okay
alright
do you have events you’re holding on to for the future?
same
dont like force yourself to make up some bullshit to accommodate us
i mean the question of running the oneshot at all is up to you
you’re dm, my dude
its up to you, ultimately
yea, understandable
i like the idea of something unconnected, but the first option is probably easier, right?
if you are tho
like
im down
yeah
not far enough
in combat
be pretty accurate damage trackers?
spren at their most useful could like
meant to say fair
auto response, chill
wo
Then do it
that nobody had any context of
i think spren are a thing you could do, but itd have to be like a totally new setting
nice
fair enough
to another plane and highstorms become a thing we gotta deal with
you could have us like open a rift
highstorms are dope enough on their own
idk
oh thatd have bern sick
but there are too many of them
spren make a bit of sense
that ancilus is fuckin sorely lacking in chulls
i just realized
yo eric
wow i just can't write apparently
Then i guess he'd be an orphan from Velenel
but if there's something there
they'd probably like offer up prayers and paintings and poetry and shit to the Daughter during ceremonies.
cause it'll get annoying
I'll be like
i mean i haven't gone that in depth
i mean, that's mostly so that i don't know lore that you'd want to hold onto for later
like maybe every once in a while the dalai lama dude'll get like a vision maybe, but theres no actual communication
doesn't matter i guess
religious purposes, really. they'd try to commune through the person with the Daughter
and he gets to study and grow wise and shit and practice the magical art of keeping a cold ass monastery at the top of a freezing ass mountain warm
and they'd be a student of p e a c e
only they'd be like 2 years old
or they'd have some memory of their past life as the previous dalai lama
they'd have some sort of connection to the Daughter
it'd probably be like a divine soul sorcerer
maybe they'd have like a specific birthmark
that's cool
i haven't played them
that's not the name of no bitch
so we're working for Silas Nyron?
that's a fucking oof
he said he's good
i haven't seen anything
that was the coolest fight scene i've read in a very long time
she's got room for improvement
and it's good
like the most nobility we'll see might be like the mayor of a town or the lord of a small city?
so we'll be in with the commoners for most of it
so i get the feeling it's pretty combat heavy
it'd probably be like
i'll probably build full combat monk
like he's not gonna not fight
he's not a pacifist, he just wants peace and prosperity for all
i'll figure that out
i'd probably be from like the mountains to the north
for ancilus, do you think it'd be fucking stupid if i played a monk who tries to avoid combat as much as possible?
she's getting old, right?
hope it's easy for her
is it a wow character?
lilith
who?
definitely true
yeah
i didnt say parsa cause that shits obvious
tf did he do?
why’re you tilted at milo tho
it was the same with milo and bracchus
yea
lmao
but i see where ur coming from
dont
i mean
rly
yoinks
waiting so long for what?
yo if i get the underworld of ancilus at my back can i throw an army of orphaned street urchins at lilith?
arcane echo goddamn
thats not even it
oh
the 3d12 lightning
whoops
What are they called?
but there are more good possibilities 
and the bad is deep shit
so the good is alright
i see
lmfao
oh you dont get to aim it?
js
the magic missiles one is fucking hilarious
it looks not stupid in comparison to like pretty much every table out there
i didnt mean that as a clap
oh
l
it looks surprisingly not stupid
did you write this yourself?
k
rip
not far
pretty fuckin strong
thats
oh okay
oh
idk
ik
and calls himself the last elf
can i be a human that tapes elf ears to his ears
imma be an elf
fuck being human then
well
ok
i’ll figure that shit out
sorc
ty for a good reaction to my meme
im just meming
lmao
if that sage was jet li
but like
sure
or at least a caster thats stylized as a monk
than im gonna be a monk caster
if im playing caster
sure
i could be one
if nobody else rolls caster
rly
i dont come up with new characters every 30 mins
im not parsa
idk
thatd give everyone cancer
maybe i’ll just be eao
or sorc
maybe i’ll roll bard
maybe
ill probably roll monk
nah
i’ll get around to it eventually
no
we’re gonna whoop that bitch ass
yeah yeah sure
dope
some epilogue
as long as all the characters get like
yea
makes sense
cause if i miss the first and hit second i’ve lost the advantage from being hidden
oh
oh ok
so the double hit is only with sharpshooter accuracy?
oh
that's not what you sent the first time
that's a sister
they're just flying
because it's the one that makes it look like they're fucking
but my aunt's taking me to go get lunch
im going to kill jett's character
at least it's not
it'll be paradoxes and violence
i'll just make a god name list
lmao you're
it'll cost you nothing
humans don't
i think it's suitably dank
it'd be arcana
i'll figure it out
just because you have a jian as a pet doesn't mean you don't respect it
cause then i'll just befriend a jian
same
yes
naw nigga
it could be more worthwhile to make weapons from that but like
magic nullification
it’s exactly what we need
we’re taming that nigguh
nah i get +12 to animal handling
i probably won't have a ton of magic resistances in comparison to like mundane damage
a solid point to build off of
i like that idea though
as they advance technologically
magic in humans is dying out
not much
a little magic
human is just an all around race
most races will just try to advance themselves through any means possible 
some will rely on it entirely
a lot wont have magical capability whatsoever
it depends on the race you’re interacting with
a mix of pure tech, tech magic and pure magic
hmm
no
fuck me sorry
anti nierya
i did
the midgame
tis a good zone
yeah
i can delegate time tho
yeah
ur not wrong
...
so dont say anything
ik
if you do
cause i’ll let him do it
dont tell him i sent it to you
with this
jett just came at me
christ fuck eric
thank you
i’ll use them
anyone who wants to make their own can
i’m coming up with a bunch of aliens
both
i can't be that badass?
can i enchant a dagger with counterspell and cut spells in half on reaction?
he shouldn't care
actually gemi doesn't have anything to do with notcheqir
i'll try to stop him though
he's just openly murderous
parsa's still evli tho
i honestly had to tone down yew's dickery to keep shit civil
it shouldn't
im okay with him playing a dude that's just jett if he represents it in game better
michael didn't say yes tho
i'll try for the maps
i'll probably do milo style cities and just describe them
i just don't know how to do it in roll 20
don't tell me
you can't do that
so he's disqualified
and talks in character when he's not there
it'd be letho
that's dank
so they're too busy
we won't remember
don't info dump please
and they don't sail out to that island and conquer everything tho?
but like she'll def try for help
what's the percentage chance of killing lilith without killing yew?
that'll be fuckin great
i still haven't solved the riddle
i feel like it'd be a good time
you're creating a new pantheon?
cause otherwise we're fucked
you're not doing the thing are you?
whenever it starts i'll give you the whole picture
there's definitely apocolyptic magic
it'd be more like if you have a fly spell or a jetpack you can maneuver, but if not
you won't spend most of your time in spaceships lol
you'll be hunting artifacts and killing people for personal gain
that's what it's gonna be
and is dumb enough to just smile
that's fucking awesome
i’ll just be a wuss for a session or two
it’ll be chill
ik
that's much stronger than i'd rather start
i'll grab the expertise
i do see it as a riddle now that i know it's a riddle
i didn't even know that it had a riddle?
i haven't
it'd be double colossus slayer tho
i mean if he's damaged i get colossus slayer anyway
even if i don't have extra attack
so like i'll still be getting my sneak attack
actually that's tough
i'll probably take another rogue level for more expertise
if it's 10
yea man
then i’ll just wait for lyreth to pick up nierya
then you take over
i’ll cast 3 times as yew
sounds good
thats quite dank
ye
yea
i thought its cc capability was just death
like
is power word torture even cc?
he just does a lot more damage
yep he is
k
i guess i could crowd carius
yeah
gotta be out of teleport range tho
crowd angels carius
right right
i guess
gemi and carius &gt; angels &gt; crowd
well i have a few seconds
i see
isnt it a wis save tho?
do that
i could
and make him reroll a control mage
kill gemi
i could
huh
im just gonna shoot for as many as possible
how many casts will i be able to get off if i take out the angels first, actually?
then i’ll cast into the crowds
will gemi be on the throne actually?
i’ll stealth away to get within range of the throne and cast there
alright
i see
i’ll take lyreth as soon as she picks up nierya
nah
thought id go to the coronation, get mad for a bit then just start casting
idfk
k
yeah he was a good amount ahead
if letho and cheqir are 10 he’s definitely 10 tho
cause i didnt bother leveling him
how much xp did we get last session?
idk
rip
so like
 and i’d want a ton
arrows of silencing
unless i make like
i mean i’ll take as much cc as i can but rangers dont get much in the way of like anti-magic or debuffs
hype as fuck
yea
but parsa's swap is gonna leave us without any solid magic users that aren't
i think i've sold most of them that yew will live a little longer
well then the character sheet for lyreth is done. i just need to add weight to the equipment and add macros for the weapons
its always been fey
dumb ass question
and shit it means i'll never need fire arrows
this shit's ridiculous
i don't even want to be this strong
can't give that to lilith
i've gotta get that phoenix shit outta me
i mean i clearly don't mind sentient weapons
the girl Lyreth saw this, felt bad for him, and befriended him, but because she was always taking yew's side, she was ostracized as well. and when yew left for the city, she didn't really have anyone aside from her parents. 
yew grew up feeling left out, first cause he didn't have a dad, then ostracized later cause his dad was human.
that'll be so underwhelming at first
it's not
but i'll probably be shooting for 20 dex
i'll work on the stats now
she's pretty standoffish toward people she doesn't know, but opens up pretty quickly.
but i didn't name the actual town
won't recognize yew
yeah that's perfectly fine
yea but that one's visible to everyone
she's also full elf so like
oh that's fuckin excellent
so if im gonna start at the same level of everyone i'd be rogue 5 ranger 3
well i'm starting rogue and then going into ranger after 5 i think
she's gonna end up picking up nierya, right?
i'd rather you homebrew one
can i get a note to leave in yew's room
i don't think bodily harm will do too much
i'll have him use it to enchant something lmao
first thing's first give mirthaal to gemi
so then i'll start now.
i was assuming it'd be like 4 sessions from now
i doubt i'll be able to bring the gods back
okay
still, +2 to hit without accounting for whatever the bow adds if it's magical, and whatever your dex and proficiency are is still really good.
and then you've got the rogues
that's like your parmesean
for like particularly hard enemies that don't have legendary resistances
if anything i'd say the cheesiest would be a debuffer
that's a dumb question
does a rogue's sneak attack apply to ranged weapons?
i'll figure out something
alright sounds good
what better way to get a nigga up and running than to beat their emotions with a stick until they're a bloody pulp on the kitchen floor?
she'll be fucking traumatized yeah
that shit'll be very awkward
i mean i thought it'd take longer than that
since the card bullshit i've had absolutely zero plans for yew
then i'll figure something else out for when whatever happens happens
when yew goes through with this overthrow the empire plan, he'll definitely drag his mom and some others from the village out of the continent so they don't get in harm's way
she probably wouldn't like
so yea she'd take it and use it to kill him
i'll go either chaotic good or neutral good
yew's best friend growing up in elftown or whatever
and go with the Lyreth character from Yew's bonds tab
i'll still try for the harder option. just cause it's more interesting that way
i mean i'm 100% fine with letting either option go down
yea that's fair
cause it's better if they think im 100% on board with fucking everyone
i wasn't gonna say this in call
he's an evil dude but not that evil
and find a way to re-seal lilith's soul
yew's goal until he loses control
that's not okay. fuck that guy
gilderion is someone we don't know, correct?
they're strong but not too strong
they won't have a choice
but yea i'm fine with that
just for gemi
i need the spell silence
oh god
i see
its not rly a combat scenereo as much as a political one, right?
thats fine
but ask memelo
i can
yep
feels bad the bitch died though
it was pretty dank
y i k e s
i'll make sure to tell him about the journal even if i die
that's all he wants rly
and then on top of that he's blinded
i'm not staying within the map
i'm probably just gonna take utility
what's his con?
i'll just keep the imp shape shifted as a raven
pretend she's a cleric
i'll choose a symbol of the raven queen
can Xolruthar's amulet be an arcane focus?
TraitsShapechanger: The imp can use its action to Polymorph into a beast form that resembles a rat (speed 20 ft.), a raven (20 ft., fly 60 ft.), or a Spider (20 ft., climb 20 ft.), or back into its true form. Its Statistics are the same in each form, except for the speed changes noted. Any Equipment it is wearing or carrying isn't transformed. It reverts to its true form if it dies.Devil's Sight: Magical Darkness doesn't impede the imp's Darkvision.Magic Resistance: The imp has advantage on saving throws against Spells and other magical effects.Variant: Familiar: The imp can enter into a contract to serve another creature as a familiar, forming a Telepathic Bond with its willing master. While the two are bonded, the master can sense what the imp senses as long as they are within 1 mile of each other. While the imp is within 10 feet of its master, the master shares the imp’s Magic Resistance trait. If its master violates the terms of the contract, the imp can end its service as a familiar, ending the Telepathic Bond.ActionsSting (Bite in Beast Form): Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5 ft ., one target. Hit: 5 (1d4 + 3) piercing damage, and the target must make on a DC 11 Constitution saving throw, taking 10 (3d6) poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.Invisibility: The imp magically turns Invisible until it attacks, or until its Concentration ends (as if concentrating on a spell). Any Equipment the imp wears or carries is Invisible with it.
and it doesn't
as long as hunter's mark doesn't give him movespeed toward me i'm good
it'll be fine
but parsa's on there
then i'll guess i'll focus on running away
i just won't let him find out
i'll be fucked
fair
yeah
for sure
so i suppose this is the “fuck parsa’s entire life” session?
same
sounds good sounds good
yep
cool
are we playing clue?????????
r i p
so the mom is already dead
i see
i dont know
cause
good
im in
that sounds like it’ll tilt parsa immensely
by her younger sister
lul sounds like cheqir got outplayed still
older sister?
who would i be?
and is it cheqir’s mom?
is milo playing them?
so i’ll just buy a shield
but dual wielding is ass
cause i wanted to dual wield swords
well at least now i know for sure i'm going bladesinger 
and i don't have a shield
it's an adamantite chain chirt
whenever initiative allows
most of the time
i’ve been frontline
makes a better frontliner
im more of a fan of the ac shit
im not lul
yeah thats still fine
i see
oh
yea but level 4 is also when you unlock 3 blades
thats dank
yea
that's quite dank
they're both very decent
ok so i don't actually choose the perk
who isn't rly that gay
yeah that's what i was going for in the first place
so i'm trying to reach around their guard for a cut
i thought that was just an attack that wasn't on his turn
please don't make it any stronger by making it inflict fear
but you would have all died like 10 times before that so you'd know what's going to happen
milo wouldn't have killed anyone there
cause he's jett
so he won't do anything
yeah but he's also just jett
and there's no way we're giving you night watch
we're all evil
oh he'd be retarded
so i don't ever have to open it
i can't stand that shit
that's surprising
that's true
he's like a kogmaw
so you're not gonna get to him anyway
he's also the least likely to die
he's both the strongest caster, and the most capable in diplomatic scenarios of the entire party.
i just hope he doesn't
"i, gemi chance, introduce to you... sharknado. in pink."
"i gemi, chance, introduce to you... sharknado. in pink."
"i gemi, chance, introduce to you... sharknado. in pink.
it's more like
cheqir's adamant denial of everything even remotely dangerous is pretty funny tbh
he's at the denial stage
cause i'll just be trying to fuck and party
yea just don't even bring it up until someone scores 10
that's a recipe for success
he's a good player
yeah that's inspiration worthy
um parsa's characters?
but he's been pretty serious the entire way through
Eao's evil too, but only cause she's a selfish, heartless bitch
idk who you're referring to?
&gt;goes to sleep
&gt;takes first watch
that's fucking so funny
*who's is that?
campaigns don't need to end at the level cap
it's not too dificult
but you've got a better sense of balancing than both RAW and milo
if it's strong i'm gonna be stuck randomly killing everyone all game
i'm leveling to 20 in psion
even if you don't want it
you know he's gonna notice that you're not outputting enough damage and give you likke
didn't at all
hell yea
i still almost wanna do the devil one
r i p
only 20
unless there's a
wouldn't that be more like
sorcs don't use int for anything
unless we get the emperor to cheese the fuckin worm demon
that's
too bad yew was born a half elf
for sure
he gives a shit about making it luxurious 
i dropped 9000 on decor
oh hell yeah
i gtg my break’s ending
you can take him then
yea thats cool
so he’s just gonna bask in it for a bit
now he is rich
yea pretty much
and pork this elf girl back home that he had a thing for
his goal at that time was to get rich and take care of his mom
the problem arises cause he died before becoming emperor was his goal
its mostly the second option
bruh idk
no i was saying that yew’s character is fucked so i dont know how to tell you how to play him whe i dont know what’s happening
no im down
oh sure
k
but im working at 3
i can do 4:30
nope
because good and evil aren't subjective to personal views
because it doesn't matter what you say either
if you know in your heart that what you've done is good and righteous, you could still be a steaming pile of shit
it doesn't matter what anyone else says
that's what the other option is
it's like putting yourself between the guy and the girl
no it's not
he's just not
isn't hitler yet
because a baby that's destined to be hitler
and at this point it's just shitty
you're a fucking idiot if that's what you really believe
that's not what a good person is
it's better to give something a chance
no it's not
allowing evil to exist isn't evil
yes but life isn't sure
pragmatic doesn't make you good
that's it
you're a fucking piece of shit
and you didn't try to help him not become hitler
i'd say your're good
if you'd waited for him to become hitler
but you wouldn't be good
you'd still be a baby killer
you're still wrong
and you're still wrong
justifications don't make actions good
but curiosity isn't good
im pretty sure you'd be surprised what toddlers remember
meaning they've done it before and got punished for it
that's what they do
but i've heard of toddlers doing bad things intentionally
when it's developed
that's also not true
it's fucking happened before
you can murder an infants parents right in front of it and it'll laugh because it can't process what's going on yet
babies don't care
it's just neutral
i wouldn't even say the human spirit is good
that's retarded
if history had gone differently and he was executed as a criminal he'd still be a good man
and ghandi didn't do a great deed
there aren't many more
i can't think of anyone else
george washington isn't your ideal good person
what you're talking about
and strong isn't good
weak isn't bad
i really hope you're memeing
that's fucking retarded
you'd feel fucking sick
you're a fucking piece of fucking shit
you're not a good person
it just means that you aren't an evil one
yeah that doesn't mean you're a good person
the reason that nobody has an answer is because there isn't an answer
there's a better thing
there isn't a good thing to do there
you're fuckin retarded
that's what makes serial killers
it's not hard
it just means you can make yourself believe it's just
justifying something doesn't make it just
[2/13/2018 12:07:39 AM] flatisjustice: you could walk away and save yourself any guilt&lt;&lt;&lt;this is the objective of justifying something
that's called justifying
that's ridiculous
i don't get how you don't understand grey areas
it just means it's less bad
but that doesn't mean one scenereo is good
it's objectively better
no it's still not good
no that's not how that works
doesn't make it right
and you're an idiot
so you're wrong eric
you're wrong
because it's not
you can't argue that it's morally right in any circumstance
it's necessary evil
but it's not good
im not saying that it's not important
i'm sorry man
that's pretty depressing
you're just wrong
it's not
society doesn't mean anything without humans
they're an active detriment to the environment and they hunt everything. Society is only the world for humans. not for the world
it's not based on who or what you are
good isn't subjective like that
imagine you're a zebra
no it's still now
there's no way of knowing that
no it wasn't
and that wasn't good
i'm saying that exterminating a species isn't and can never possibly be a good action
i'm not saying it's ideal
you're just dead wrong here
eric i'm sorry
but dm's don't have to follow the books
means that's inherently not inequal
there are absolutely ways to become a dragon in D&amp;D
except that's also not true
no it definitely is not????
no it's not?
it's removing the person
it's not removing the ability
it's removing the certain beings with ability
in the same way that equality for everyone isn't
and it's not more important
yea but tha'ts not a greater good
killing all people able to read minds wouldn't make life fairer either
it wouldn't
you're correct
and it's still good
life isn't fair
and that's the way life works
and they'd try to help other people
or they wouldn't
they'd kill other people
cause it's a fat load of shit
cause that's how life works
and that's fine
that's not how life works
that's retarded
no it's not
does that mean that's good?
what's the most perfectly just reaction for someone killing your son?
fair isn't always good
like your character isn't defined by your alignment as much as your alignment is defined by your character
and doesn't actually have a bearing on how you act
just because the books say it doesn't mean it's not bullshit
yeah that's horseshit
i don't think any extermination is morally justifyable
it's not
it's just not good in any way
there's literally nothing you can say to win you this argument im sorry
you're wrong again fucko
that doesn't make killing babies okay
that doesn't make killing babies okay
you're not gonna be able to justify indiscriminate murder
it's neutral at best
i still think it's not
it's like having sapient missiles
they're not weapons
they're living beings
yea but they aren't
he's neutral
right now he's not good
that doesn't make it good
that's not good either
cause a real evil dude wouldn't stand for that shit
but that's just self preservation
i'd say vix was neutral
i have yet to see him help people in a meaningful way that didn't involve a sizable amount of  personal gain in some form.
don't just
just don't
i think you're above doing that
please don't pull a godfrey
that's fine
so you're telling me we have 2 slave starts?
it's their actions per turn
it's not that
that shit's so dope
and i'll take dominate person
that doesn't answer the question
(puke) (puke) (puke) (puke) (puke) (puke)
(puke) (puke) (puke) (puke) (puke) 
(puke)(puke)(puke)(puke)(puke)(puke)
wait you're going tiefling?
and i don't even think hector's int score is that low
they're too dumb to be evil
they're like
i rly can't say they are
i can't say they're evil
but that's because she's about as selfish as it gets
Eao's evil
that doesn't fucking wor
you can't be evil and altruistic
he's also neutral evil
and now he's a pirate instead of a bard
he was a slave, now he's not and instead he's a bard.
as far as we know it doesn't
it doesn't
he's like the music players in sea of thieves or whatever
give him so much shit that he doesn't do that dumb shit again
i'd say give him shit for that
but aside from that i think it's pointless, and it's much easier and much less stressful to just ignore it.
they can't
cause it's really not
but i don' see that as a problem
so i don't see a point in making it an issue
it's not up to us really
that's it
since you're not the dm
it's not metagaming tho
no it's not
he hasn't outright asked cause he's a fuckin pussy
i mean he's specifically pointed at wanting that shit to stop
just make someone who doesn't give a shit about that
so clearly that's not the case with jett
but milo hasn't been keeping up to that standard
and we don't
because we're civilized
that's not true
that shit's fuckin
but at least we won't have a party member that despises another because he decided to play a race
im not saying don't do it
i'd still kill him if i met him
i don't give a fuck about his quest
we're just gonna have to have two monks
cancer
hed try to homebrew his god too
i just don't like divine shit in dnd
it's a tanky rogue with shit stealth
but i don't like paladin as a class
it's cool
if i die i'm rolling ranger or monk
that's not too bad
yew is a gigantic faggot but he's not gay
i thought you didn't like memey campaigns
now it's too memey
there's too much
who's we?
i don't see the point in that
idk that's a pretty lame use for a spell called wish
whenever you wish there's that possibility
that's like
that shouldn't be the case tho
like they're not level based
so it's not like anything is gained or lost by using one over the other
i'd be using a level 3 spell slot for both instances of similar damage
so for me it'd be 5d4+5+20
i didn't look at either of their smiles
i haven't started it either
i didn't end up buying anything
it's dogshit
that'd have been a lot of xp
ofc
yeah i mean
but it’d also feel good to fight 5 cr 3 monsters and get more xp cause we rolled like ass and got put through the metapgorical wringer
true
yea i know im just saying you can do it however you want
if a fight seemed too easy you can give out less xp for it
i mean you can technically scale xp however you want
yep
early levels are fuckin boring anyway
its fine
we're working tohether
i've got invisibilty
you're a retard
once again
k
i cant play until 5 either
no
you cuck
and why are you metagaming like a cuck
why does unka want to invent an engine?
and why?
wheres the idea for this coming from
in the world
engines dont even exist
eao wouldnt see the money in that
just use a fucking chariot
im not helping
its coming from some nigga wanting to make initial d memes in eluras
theres no demand for an engine in the world
nowhere
nowhere
yeah but where the fuck is this coming from?
no
...
forgot to change it up top
no im lvl 4
yeah i figured they'd be around there
i don't think wall walking is a spell that exists
that's what i mean to say like common magical goods
i mean the assumption is that it wouldn't if it's being sold to you
and you let natural selection take it's course
not if you don't take them off while you're on a ceiling
if i was that rich, i'd get my kids a coat of many arms if they really wanted one
who don't have any magic in their families
its more like children's toys for rich people
i like the idea of like just finding a bunch of magical items that are shit and you gotta figure out how to make them work
*just
it is jusr a meme
yes
and so they wouldn't have like permanent attunement
like those wouldn't be made by competent wizards as much as apprentices
im not saying they're powerful
tbh that’s what worn magical items should be like unless they're like armor specifically.
tbh that’s what worn magical items should do unless they're like armor specifically.
tbh those are what worn magical items should do unless they're like armor specifically.
or a coat of arms that just gives you more arms as long as you're wearing it
cause they're technically made by lvl 30 enchanters?
i was under the assumption that he didn't
that's fair
your canon for milo's story, right?
who's apparently ridiculously powerful
you know who we know that's most likely to survive the calamity?
and then boom you're out
so wouldn't running away simply entail one planeshift?
yea but isn't doomsday like for the entire planet?
basically all that means is that you made a character that's a bit of a cunt
no he didn't
and you've been nothing but a cunt to him from day 1
he's explained that it was on accident
no he didn't
nothing aside from the fact that we've just been sticking together so far and nobody particularly minds the other's company
and it might just be because you're the only one who actually gives a shit about what anyone else wants to do with their characters
its just that you seem to be the only one who's concerned about this
he can't say shit about other people's races
and Braccus doesn't seem to care
Eao couldn't give less fucks
since Gaylord's gone
Eao doesn't care
that just means they'll respect you less
so we can't have a leader
yea that's true
and you'll give me fucking cash fucking money
which was that i'll help you rebuild your city
it doesn't mean that either
the contract doesn't make me your servant luk
that's seperate from the actual group
i'll point out that i have the highest charisma
but i don't want it
no eao's fine with landing hits
so what'll likely happen is that pravall will go and finish the job and realize that stealing purely for his own benefit suddenly feels kind of shitty
but that's gaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy
i guess it's just cause he wasn't really making any moves
if it's in character, that's fine. It's just a very soft, pretty passive dude
there's no problem with it i guess
i'd still say that's pretty bitchy
i mean maybe he's looking for his brother cause he wants to
and then there's literally never doing anything of your own free will ever
there's insecure
i think he's a bitch
i think he's passive
it's honestly some of the most boring shit ever
it's fucking godawful
i mean the voice isn't shitty
i can't read "your gods" or "their gods" without hearing parsa's shitty godfrey voice in my head.
cause i know i don't like co-writers or being a co-writer
you don't like making up the history?
if i was dm i'd have been like what the fuck is this
for milo's world
that's the fucking funniest shit i've heard all day
thinks he's the leader?
she hears the things she wants to hear how she wants to hear them.
it'd start getting to her head
don't go saying that shit to her face
i'll tax you for that shit
you're gonna gyp ur dragon
that's
yes but they're still berries
you're...
how much do you think it's gonna cost to feed the dragon?
and you aren't paying it
it doesn't cost that much money
i don't like the picture of it
i've got 6000
like i don't think you're taking into account how dishonorable i am
and if she ever is fighting vix, he won't know until there's a fireball on his head already
she's not gonna be fighting vix though
milo's items
you're just trying to make him look like the picture?
that's not that edgy
please don't
that's so fucking edgy
she was wearing some men's privateer clothes
and you'll just see hundreds of knives
and i'll pull open my cloak one day
i'll have like 500
it's almost an excellent meme
so it's kind of useless
&gt;.&gt;
except i haven't run out yet
it was just so i wouldn't be useless without my spell slots
mine's 1
it's not that bad at all
i've got an amulet and lots of daggers
you're
at best its more like fortunate, in hector's case
chieftains can get their asses beat and be deposed at a moment's notice
hector is a chieftan's son
that's just something she'd come up with on the spot
she doesn't have a last name
Unka might but he's retarded so that doesn't count
Vaughn won't listen to a word you say
who's his crew?
it'd be useful if i was picking more than one spell per level
haven't done it that way once
i wouldn't know
that's what wikis are for anyway
cause they're too busy designing an actual working dnd model to play online to waste time updating their shitty compendium
it's like the player's handbook preview
it's the cut content handbook
it doesn't even have wild magic sorcerer and that's in the base handbook
*roll 20's compendium blows fucking dick
for some stupid reason it doesn't work
you can't copy shit off there anyway
i think xanathar's
that's nice
yea i'll have to triple check with milo
yea it'd just be +4
i guess pretty soon mine'll do 2d10 + 7
you'd need a god-tier sleight of hand roll
and you don't have subtle casting or anything
also doesn't call lighting have a big verbal and somatic gesture?
it wont look natural unless there's already a thunderstorm
what if he's a drow healer?
coerce commoners into helping rebuild vix's kingdom
cause if that's the case, that could lead to some issues.
but other high elves will notice this other dude's energy on me?
so is pravaal's soul now the lost soul of whoever made nierya?
yea pravaal would probably want to go meet him once he figures out he's one of them
that's also fine
that's fine
not entirely careless. he'd care about the people in the bonds page
but as of right now he'd most likely go the careless immortal route
i'd probably just want to figure out what the fuck happened to me, and then go on from there
im a high elf i dont care about the feeble lives of mortals
yea but naw
wow so evil
and maybe makes me kill my mom ooooh
what if by pure coincidence, some outside force decides to try to hurt me by corrupting my sword?
later
or have it be corrupted
im saying later
/ corrupt it?
can i curse the sword?
wait so its the sword?
im gonna accidentally do some terrible shit
so you HAVE to make me chaotic evil
im gonna do some accodentally terrible shit
ughhhhhhh
so yea i guess he’s my friend
gemi’s a bitch tho
i can be as selfish as i want, those niggers didnt do shit
they STOOD AROUND and watched me die
wait
its that i cant be a selfish, self-serving bastard piece of shit motherfucker who has no friends
its that i cant be a selfish, self-serving bastard piece of shit motherfucker who has no feiends
its not that
(puke)
since im good
except now i cant ask for a cut
yeah
but i’ll bring up the possibility of hooking him up with my contact
its not mine
its way more versatile
yea
otherwise its vilya
 nierya is stronger specifically for combat
eao’s just some bitch with magic
lmao
by handing out free shit
like a retard
thats cause milo broke you
well you can only do it so many times before having to rest
lmao
and then just throw a fireball
you just have to wait for him to melee some dude tho
bitchmade shit for the bitchmade uberjew
and take all the gold
then kill the last man standing
if it did eao’d likely run and hide
yea
definitely not with miles
its not gonna happen tho
i mean
feelsbadman
on one dude
what 4 spell slots?
but thats also like
thats retarded
christ
rip that nigga
damn
hold person fireball
goddambit
fuck you
wait 34
lul
hot damb
thats from the fire ring and book right
yep
well ive got one of those
lel rip
tru
ye
but im gonna need to pick up the feat for dual weilding first
he’ll probably end up doing that
one
understandable
so i don't sleep at all
then i'll change it
unless yew go home and yew's mom is like who the fuck are you you fucking creep
specifically cause it's cancer
i didn't have any particularly good stats
wtf
ikr
im here?
i know
what a biiiitch
sure
*eluras
but sunday is probably for eluraa
subday im free the usual time
im free wednesday and thursday
yea
i voted for that shit
its not gonna beat queen vaughan
queen - eao
king - eao
ye
thats further from me then the restaurant is
except
uber
sent something to you thar i meant to send to someone else
mb, whoops
that zoomy shit gave me a seizure
uti maboi
absolutely
yeah
you do the descriptions
im lazy
fine
ugh
ask the other cucks
i dont care
i’d probably be pretty good at that
idc, ask parsa, milo, and miles
^
and then the retard bards who try to charm inanimate objects
and then theres the murderhobo x who’ll kill people and fuck the people’s wives directly after
theres also killing people
also not entirely true
cancer
it's tru
that's
i'll find out
that's
cause pravaal doesn't really give a shit about the fuckers he started using 3 days ago to help him get into the record. 
i'd just make it difficult
and then hunt chequir's hunch
so he'd probably be able to find the dude, and read up on what the necklace looks like in detail, where he might have hid it, where he works, who he lives with. shit like that.
so he'd probably be able to find the dude, and read up on what it looks like in detail, where he might have hid it, where he works, who he lives with. shit like that.
im sure he'd get it by now.
and he's like okay i'll fuckin get you that one.
the rich dude could have been walking through the streets with his wife, and she saw it and was like "wow I want that necklace."
it's just very well made.
and he's not that rich.
it's not that important
maybe poor fucker's precious family necklace, so some rich dude can give it to his wife for her birthday.
that's part of the criminal background
i'll have like a criminal contact that sets up these things
but it isnt really all that necessary 
all that much
id say it doesnt matter
the big top down view
i think if anything i was a little less immersed from the POV
maybe for others
it didnt for me
uh
if you thought it was a pain then dont do it
if you like that shit sure
um hm
oh real quick, Pravaal started like in the early stages of a burglary job. It’s been like 3 days since, right? he’s probably gonna be adamant about finishing it before we leave cinthal
felt like an actual serious dnd session
solid
mostly because we haven't asked
except he has stuff that he hasn't told us about the worldbuilding.
that's not his fault at all.
and they have legitimate reasons for it. that exist in their character's stories n shit
because michael and miles, even though they're a little memey, they don't like just do cancer shit for no reason all the time
idk if tandoori didn't have jett it'd have been better
cause i like Eao better than this cuck Yew
i'm lowkey more hyped for this than i have been for tandoori
don't say this shit to milo
there's some shit in the unlight district
and suddenly he's very interested in whatever they're up to.
so the aasimar and the kenku who've come from far off lands enlist the help of a local scumbag to get in.
in any scenereo he'd pull some mind shit and make them let him in
there's no way in fuck this dude's doing favors for priests
he's a smart guy he definitely researches his jobs first.
where's the cheapest housing possible?
milo's session 1
which isn't bad
well you're going into a whole lot more detail then
cause we'll probably fuck it up somehow anyway
so once he's got like 5-7 hours of material he can stop
milo doens't write as much
he'll show up to keep up appearances though
like someone'll contract him to do it for them
breaking into people's houses and stealing things
cause his school does a lot of bullshit+ 3 hours ahead
he also never has time for anything
call up uti, tell him he’s fuckin gay
idk
diego or david
ehhh
ok
fuck it
dmpc
uh
he goes back to the town and lives there a few years later
explains that
on the actual character sheet
theres a little more in the bio tab
alivive
that's fucking sick
don't know yet
that's elves
Now she's mad at everyone and everything and will take it out on them by becoming a filthy, greedy, evil overlord.
Eao's the daughter of a dragon fucking whore who was born and left behind in a back alley.
And you've got this bitch who was born into gutter trash who wants to be an emperess.
You've got Vix who was born into everything and has no idea.
Vix's?
That's business.
Even though she's practically one herself.
but it's very very loose.
She's got a sort of "do unto others" mentality
eao's got contacts for gems.
if you catch me i'll drop it.
i'll probably pull some bitch shit
wouldn't have had the chance to bring that up in a normal session
so we're fuckin good.
Now when the infighting starts it'll be a 2v4
i don't have a problem with them in dnd
and pull parsa's asterisks shit.
i'll make it as gay as possible
and jett isn't surprised when i fireball him in the face
tryna rebuild shit? i'll help.
"ay, you're a prince right?"
it'd be like
and thats basically what we'd be saying
yea that's what she wants
Eao's having a pretty good time right now.
i don't know why this nigger godfrey is still alive.
[1/23/2018 11:08:09 PM] flatisjustice: but I'm writing in his mindset rn&lt;&lt;&lt;
but he's an edgy teen
but she'd want a percentage
but they don't know what that'll be later
and then everyone knows that's what eao wants
I'd say something like, "look fellas, all i want is a sack of gold on my belt, a wonderfully soft poster bed, with silk sheets, a golden fucking toilet to shit in, a palace, a throne room, with draperies, that have my marvelous horns sewn on them, a land, a nation, maybe a continent."
"MAKE WAY FOR MY GLORIOUS ENDGAME"
but i don't tell them to people like "THIS IS WHAT MY CHARACTER IS GOING TO DO EVERYONE"
and you're writing a story that assumes that he never grows past that logic in 7000 years
it doesn't even really matter
and then i'll eat a tide pod and force it down with bleach.
and then she'll have sex with all the guys
because she's so powerful and awesome and has huge titties.
so he's hitler
yea but that's still a hundred years
i don't see how a hundred year old dude wouldn't understand that one dragon isn't the same thing as all dragons.
i don't mind that at all.
and jett's tomfuckery
like parsa's godfrey shit.
the problem here is that it's not gonna be good moment to moment
that it's fucking good.
i don't give a fuck about a cool interesting and complicated plot.
i don't give a fuck about quests or long overarching stories.
Why'd you do that to yourself then?
cause that's fucking stupid.
are you telling me you're thinking of pulling a parsa?
I don't see the point in planning your epilogue
so that's retarded.
cause the dnd isn't gonna go on for 7001 years
what's the point
cause milo isn't gonna let you do that unless you do it.
you'll have to
i don't fuck around
don't you need to attune that staff?
in a world where you're not supposed to be yourself
he wasn't thinking about that
it wasn't ever that
it wasn't.
idk what jett's character is tbh
idk why you can't understand that bullshit
cause he's a drow?
i don't get why you hate him
but that doesn't mean you need to be a cuck about it
the only people who i can see infighting are you, jett, parsa's old character, and unka cause jett does some dumb shit
good thing hector won't do that shit
it won't
it's a 17
it's not verse my dex
that's still a full fireball
it doesn't matter who
you're the only person who would do it
it's not gonna happen unless you make it happen
why?
in social scenereos
which is assumed
when we need to lie
you can always enhance ability me
plus
we’ll see who rocks diplomacy
in a few levels when i grab dominate person
you cant lie for dick
only for persuasion
plus i take mostly deception spells
+6000 gold
same as deception
i have +6 w/o diplomat
your charisma sucks ass idk why you think ur party face
but milo doesnt write the sessions with just combat in mind
probably
we’re talking about jett
because he’ll reroll into a rogue swashbuckler or something
except he wont
that isnt false
rolling a 1 is not grounds to kill another PC
he misfired
what a concept
wow
you could just not
combat’s cool but there’s more than combat in dnd
thank god
send everyone the world first tho
fuckin go for it
sure
make sure they're connected
that shit's overrated
i haven't read the book tho
just because shit is op doesn't make it interesting
i haven't read malazan
cause i was planning to treat planets like on the same scale that milo's treating the continents
that's the biggest difference tbh
you just don't want the spaceships?
cause when he finds a planet with ridiculous gravity and realizes his fucking 2000 kilo armor can't actually move within the atmosphere
it's gonna be space wizards
don't tell anyone ok?
i don't give a fuck about the dragon
don't expect it to be
if i was dm i'd rule of cool it tbh
trees aren't creatures
trees aren't dragons
i don't see the problem there
it's getting attacked in like
we'll get money from defending the town next session
it's a little gay
i don't see anything wrong with that
Dragon&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;staff
cause you're not thinking of even distribution of cool shit
that's why he'll want your dragon
but if you concede the ship to him he won't care about having a piece of your dragon
tbh i honestly don't think the team even cares too much about the dragons
doesn't it?
we'll have 2 lightning dragons tho
i'm sitting with 6k and nothing to spend it on
nobody's asked me to do that yet.
if team needs something i'll buy it for em
cause he knows i'm gonna be a piece of shit about it
he's joking
tbh that'll be super helpful
we're gettin there
I'll fuck you up
well that's too bad
yea sure
except we decided to go south
sure
lmao
very forced
parsa’s felt
i’ll do it whenever it happens
and didn't do anything to fuck that up
that the original didn't
no it wasn't
you shouldn't bait like that in a fucking movie
it's so fucking simplistic
ofc she wasn't because she's the hero
what's unforgivable is that rey didn't join him
no it wasn't
and then she wouldn't
"oh rey's gonna change sides" bait
it fuckin is
yea
havent had any time
i left it at my house when i went to my dads
naw
nice
is that just some bitch next to him?
not doing that
phone would be cancer
procreate is for tablet’s right?
being able to have my hand on the lines im making is a huge help for me at least
probably cause i dont have a pen and shit
i just can’t ever get something to look how i want it to in it
also i know how to use photoshop
procreate is only for windows right?
and it was a huge pain in the ass
last time i pirated photoshop i got a virus
im not risking that shit
otherwise i’d sketch on paper then do the linework on a computer
i dont have any good free software for coloring
maybe
yea thats why i dont color my shit
pastels are the tools of the devil
and fuck pastels
yea it looks like that or pastel or something
ayy but that dragon scale tho
feels fuckin bad, sorry
it prolly coulda helped 4 hours ago
kms
and it literally just went through
4 hours ago
sent that
i fucken
vro
but the eyes are a little boxy
but the eyes are a little boxy
but the eyes are a little boxy
dam that nose is sick
that's much better
i've got a mask off one
it's under the first one of his face
it should be right underneath parsa's
didn't i post it already?
parsa would
im not rolling pally lol
at least not after jett remade his
none of our characters are built to be literal dickholes
its just that it probably wont get any use
i mean im not saying we shouldnt do it
barsa might
i doubt it
naw
actually we did session one
but we havent murdered anyone
thats what i meant
lay on hands
right
i just don't know why we'd do this
it's strong
we're both lawful evil
they'd probably go after me or parsa before jett
that isn't a drow?
VERY true
if only
lol
i want to tho
no
shit’s a headache
i hate malls
yea ik
christmas shopping
im currently at a mall
i cant team btw
wassup
either that or searching for a long lost sibling
i havent thought too much about it
probably something having to do with delving deep underground to find the perfect diamond or ruby or something
samuel is a simple man
and maybe to have a couple friends
"to wake up in the morning and shit into my golden toilet, wash my hands in a crystal bowl and eat freshly carved roasted pork, adorned with gold shavings."
samuel wants
i quoted to milo
that shit’s stupid
feels so bad
kms
they literally did this this morning
they swapped my schedule so instead of working 12-6 im now working 6-12
nevermind. looks like i wont be able to make it
a   h o t   m i n u t e
cause i need to change out of my stupid work uniform and head over. and depending on the traffic that could take
maybe 8
like after 7
a night showing
but itd have to be like
yea
um
yeah rouge one was dope as fuck
naw i liked the new movies
cancer
not sure when though
fuck yeah
naw my internet is shit today, remember
wassup?
ida been down
fuck
o
milo’s mayor rohit could get struck by lightning and laugh it off
as long as that does something thats fine
lmfao
we can't go to the desert and find some sand nigger named rohit that says "vro, i hate" ?
we can't go to the desert and find some sand nigger name rohit that says "vro, i hate" ?
who has "all the things" and "all the coolest cars"
i don't mind him being a character
and instead being an inside joke meme
its like a dmpc without the slutty edgy vampire vibe
rohit is pretty cancer
and actually start this weekend or something
and have it be a test session
we could also just retcon all of that shit
i mean
sure
a proper introductory session though, cause like we literally didnt meet and arent connected at all through backstory
we need like
i scam helpless villagers with magic
i dont kill people tho
true
yea
idk how unka unk will end up
so it was pretty alright in that regard
but like he wasnt too crazy about it
jett memed, and parsa murderhoboed a bit
yea see
keyleth is really good at rolling with low performance rolls too
milo's got the potential i think, if he just got a little more into it
i mean im p sure that was his first time dming
they metagame hard sometimes, but aside from that it's fuckin awesome
starting critical role from the beginning cause i don't remember where i was
they're all professional voice actors
toughguy69
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
NOOOO
another 15 or so minutes
not yet
after i walk my dogs maybe
that game looks like a milo game
wtf
its fuckin janna
i just checked surrender at 20
dont fuck up tattoos
not worth
Oh and its more expensive
so like
covering up a tattoo with another hurts 3x as much
or any one of those shitty tattoo cover up shows
i guess
protips from my dad
dont just get a spur of the moment tattoo
you should think about it for a while though
eventually
getting the whole hieroglyph thing with the scarab holding the sun
so fuck you
but im getting a scarab beetle
i would say get a scarab beetle
are not that good
the other ones
or a chinese character if you have to
get a jelly fish
am i too late?
hello, corporate is you there?
hello, corporate is you there?
tell the fuckers in jojo chat to not leave 600 messages in 2 hours
corporate 
who’s that?
the fuck
oh
NIGGA U HIGH?
OI
??
HOLDING A 70 DEGREE ANGLE
ECH
d i s c o r d
no
campaign
tomorrow
lets do it
and snake bitch is 100% made
bearslammer is officially dead
and you didn’t even die
oi when’s next camp pain?
because if you hold it for too long or too short, Rrrrrrrrrrr will be upset
get ready
Rrrrrrrrrrr
my new guy is gonna be named
yea right
and my character died
ever
fuckin best first session
imma be real
ok
shoulda stayed in usc tbh
thats what happens when there are fires in malibu
2 and a quarter hours?
oi
hahah
vro
or 1 am 
technically tomorrow
12-2 am?
TONIGHT THEN LETS GO
jett are you d&amp;d with the boys as well?
cause theres no way im playing dar bearslammer sober
ive gotta be drinking early
just means
anyway im good to move it to early sat
that said that one part is so good that its worth watching 
idk
lighting, things?
cause its got really good uh
and evelynn is in the background
and the only good part of the animation is the part where akali raps on the train
the animation is better than the song
im fucking very mad
y e a h
nono
the new popstar one
and im kinda mad about it
in my bar
the fucking league theme
also they’re playing
im free all day tmrw
no
how we feeling boys?
ok
as long as i sleep beforehand
real negro hours dnd
i love some
nope
okok
wait
late friday 
friday tho
id love
i can do mon
there
i cant do sunday so
Brooj
could I take one of the cannons from the ship and use it as a gun?
so without getting too deep into the logistics
we have no range
nice
miles do you know what you’re playing?
lmao
GUYS CAMPAIGN IS SOON
SOON
CAMPAIGN WHEN
is mute
instrument is a shovel
grave cleric bard
best image of the best cleric 
u guys are fuckef
character will be big op
grammar nazi somewhere else dickhole
cause nobody responded 
its one sentence 
and grapple everything else
punt goblins into nonexistence
im gonna kill bears with other bears
pussy shit
saplings and boulders will do
chair  legs too small, more like tables and beer kegs
pro wrestler
WUNDERA BEARSLAMMER BUNDAGARTHA
enter stage left
can’t let that happen 
our party’s so damn optimized
i’ve gotta go punch barb now
oh maaan
with the 2 hander?
what’s eric btw
what are you now?
exists
couldn’t make cause work
nah im rolling barb or monk
gimme a sheet my guy
ay yo milo
he’s an 7’11” goliath who is a distant descendant of the goliath god unka unk. He came down from the mountains to find the sacred maguffin of ancient power and return it to his people so they can conquer the world once again. He also has all the powers and can fly turn invisible, breathe fire, ice, or lightning, and he can’t ever die.
i’ll probably go barb and do a monk if he dies
idk if im rolling monk or barb
wtf i just saw all this
sweet
i   w a n t   t o   p l a y
hol y shit
why doesn't he go on like
HE'S TRYING TO GO TO TRADER JOES????
hopping on right after work with no break killed me
like
or sunday after 5
im chillin with both
both
that shit's funny
that's cause he plays paladin
he has to put on a welsh accent or the character's fucked
i won't rly be free to join any calls on thursday until 6
and im still surprised more people haven't done that
hadnt everyone already said they could generally make thursdays before that?
eh it was like a 3/10
cause you posted the poll and nothing else
no i knew what it was i was just memeing
everyone vote eric
it was me
why
with your polls
you need to post explanations
tf is this
nah thats a thing at every community college
4-5 pc’s go on an adventure, get fucked by lawsuits, break out of prison, and get inducted into a secret revolution to fight for magical freedom
honestly i could see this becoming a good campaign
consume solid metal and plastic and wire bits?
just
lmao the mosha lines would be the worst
with a permit
eating babies is absolutely fine
yea u right
[1518470946] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: magical occupational safety and health administration?

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
yes
i spelled it out earlier
i spelled ot out earlier
w8
absolutely
everyone has to take at least 3 levels in rogue to get away with anything
lmfao
that's fucking hilarious
but don't tell anyone
[2/12/2018 3:03:33 PM] flatisjustice: but that would need a permit&lt;&lt;&lt;
and it turns out they're more civilized down there than on the surface world
if it's not im out
you're the only disgusting baby eating cur monster.
I don't think any of us have abjuration spells
and we're also fucked in pretty much every other category
idk about you but we're geared as fuck
so its your triple gay
nice
i mean you found it
so its pretty much the same
cause skype only shows messages at a certain rate on my phone
idk it doesnt make a difference
i probably caught triple gay from looking at that stupid shit
itd let you spam longer
i mean
can you adjust that?
lol get fucked
is that a problem?
you gotta put underscores around man tho
nice
rip
that’d work better if it didnt italicize the whole sentence
thats the worst shit ive ever read
spam the bong bong sentence
dont spam that
thats not even the bad part
no
okay if it was a dude i’d give him a slap on the wrist
tru
LOL
are you telling me its fucked up for a man to drown a girl for posting shitty fanfiction on the internet????
gender equality, amirite?
i’d still drown her
the first three paragraphs and the first two lines of dialogue and i already want to drown this dude
(puke)

The grandfather clock struck noon. The gentle 'bong-bong-bong' rang through the modest red house on the left of Adelaide Street, Australia, and then faded into silence once more.

Everything was calm. Everything was quiet. Until….

Happy Holiday/Happy Holiday/While the merry bells keep ringing/May your every wish come true…

"DOTTY! WHO TURNED ON THAT NONSENSE?!"

"It's not nonsense, Lawrence, it's Bing Crosby."
this writing is trash tier
why did you look that up
why...
stfu godfrey
Yeah and he can stay dead too
but thats... sort of how feminists see equal rights
bracchus is very much not olive
^^^^
or psymon
hector is not twisted shawn tho
hector is most likely kyle 2 cool
with unka as shawn
thojgh you could argue for psymon
twisted shawn
we know who vix is
yea
Feels bad that Eao is Mistress Most Bad Ass
if kyle 2 cool looked like less of a fag piece of shit he’d almost be normal
(y)
(y)
(y)
and i hope you like it
i hope you get fucked in the ass by a gigantic dicked nigger in jail
i hope your first girlfriend cheats on you accuses you of rape, then sues you for everything you own. I hope you spend the rest of your life incarcerated on a false charge
and never picked back up
you both were dropped
im still voting in favor of kicking michael
that ones true
ayyy
^
and not 4:30
eluras at 5
so
i'd rather spend my 60 bucks on monster hunter when it comes out on pc
what's jett up to?
bitch still has the butt plug
eao is a prom king
who the fuck voted eao for prom queen
if anything its less gay
male hyenas have the smaller dicks
hey dude its k
cannon
yep
very different
no eric fucks trees
LOL
im a braughan boy
braughan puts veao in the dirt
i didnt read the title and voted for the one with my character in it
goddammit
you gave me a tumor michael
Cancer
i’ll bite ur ears off over those shiny bits
reeeeee
you can not have
no
:////
but nope
i coulda stopped that shit
what if my dog died within that hour
i get to leave at 4:50
and boom
“whelp, im not leaving till 5:”
and i thought
50 orders within 2 minutes of the game starting
literally
made everyone in fucking korea town lose their shit
eagles game
fucking
can't join call
still
yea
oh right
naw i did, and you got the other two parsa
my point still stands
he doesnt do it for no reason
at least, he doesnt murder normal citizens for no reason
vaugn doesnt do that much murdering
looks fake, and i dont fucc with fake bitches
all the time
you can see it
too much makeup
poki is not attractive enough for me to want to eat her ass
to be third
thats particularly gay
naw
not streaming
several months ago
like
it was just lily
but not there
if they were at the bread place next door where i saw lily i’d go
this
^
i’d rather not spend my 30 minutes on some bullshit
and they’re weeb bibbas so you know they stink
but you cant get in without walking through 50 bibbas
yea
even at like 1 when im walking home there’s a crowd in front of the gay noodle house restaurant 
im not going
nvm
that place is fuckin packed
o
thats right down the street
o
i could run up and sock a nigga in the face
im on my break
where?
that gives me time to work on making sure the thot accent works
dank
will get home at 4:10
i’ll be at work at 4:00
for like the first 30 mins
can yall start without me?
o
sunday then?
what days are you available for?
wtf
what are you, gay?
its in an hour
no
6? i thought it was tomorrow
if you're gonna try to get food and shit you should probably go now
so that means it's not ready
im down to start early
naw fuck that shit nigga there's walls to stare at
it's league or do nothing till sunday and campaign
it's a miracle
now he's in
naw but it's done tho, we're just waiting for the squad to roll up amirite?
what about miles and michael tho
cool
ic
im pretty much always good on thursdays
(which is like the shittiest possible day to update it)
but they update the scedule on friday
im for sure free sunday afternoon
k
eric, it’s cause i didnt make the schedule
ye u asked when i was free lol
nope
yea
sunday im not sure, possibly free all day
cause im free until 6pm
6:30 pm?
tomorrow, friday till 8 saturday until 6 and we’ll see about sunday
:o
when is next session?
im with it
nice map
she'll think she's fighting regular people
that's tru
which implies that you'll have 4 people around level 20 fighting it
dracolich still beats out the cleric there i think
one shitty cleric vs a massive bony boi dragon
i dont see how that compares
clearly they're no match for us
we're level 4
nono it's much simpler than that shit
there's one bigass problem with that plan
yea im not saying we don't go south
and that's part of why i like the land route idea
so i don't see the problem
but that's free xp
tbh i wouldnt be against taking a land route
well for now
?
if you want
i know
i work from 6pm-12 am tomorrow, if yall wanna go on without me, dont lemme stop you
swain?
well ofc
The Father Fuckers
just start, say im like tagging along
for serious
:(
start w/o me i’ll be there in a bit
cause thats when jett’ll be reasy
so 7
6 right?
nibba wtf happened
i saw that bavid
because milo asked a stupid question
me giving you cancer
that's a yea vro lets get it
but no i can't make it today hehe xddddd
but no i can't make it today xddddd
^
ay where's my christmas special session
sunday's chrimbus
when's the session gonna be?
now that michael's back
yea
^
yo that last session was like 20 times better than the first. and the first wasn't even bad.
i'll let someone in on it who isn't jett
there's prolly like 8 fans in it
it's the heater
it's my ac
im fuckin ready to roll
im like 5 minutes from home tho
damb nibbas they let me out late as fuck
skulls for the skull throne
*and
i get out at 5 abd it takes like 10 minutes to get back
im good for 5:30 for sure
lul
i just figured these nibbas wouldn't want to
since milo's busy
it's also off saturday
for no reason
we were mad that you went to whole foods
we werent mad about school
no
it means he’s gotta go find internet
no
tell him to get the fuck on
call him
i work friday at 8pm, but saturday im going from noon-6
ay boys can the next sesh be saturday after 6?
thanks
*c
iv
ohhhh
that screen looks nothing like that on my side
wait
thanks
cool
who's voted so far?
what's the difference between those two?
dope
:(
mb
yeah thatd be fine then
ah
but that's not a big issue
"i'll give you six gp and this marvelous wood statuette, i'll have you know it was carved by wood elves and imbued with life magic."
that's the fuckin plan
can't make cash that way
good, im the only one who's not
You start with the following items, plus anything provided by your background.• (a) a Light Crossbow and 20 bolts or (b) any simple weapon• (a) a Component pouch or (b) an arcane focus• (a) a Dungeoneer's Pack or (b) an Explorer's Pack• Two daggersAlternatively, you may start with 3d4 x 10 gp to buy your own Equipment.\
thats vix ellen
no
very different tones there
fred fuchs and vix’elin
sounds good
gimme half an hour
im joining
wait
whered you get the hookup and how much you want me to chip in?
ya boi was asleep
Proof?
nigger, skipped to dlc
you fucking
whats good?
home from work, dogs have been walked
alright im
7
sometime after like
idk
then fuck yeah, i'll be there
cause im working 11-5 on both, but mondays i’ve been having to start at 9
is it saturday or sunday
makes me cri
which
losing my phone set me back a good 500 bucks
m a y b e?
uhhhhh
on the beach this weekend
oh
when.
lul
wasn't my fault
i'll still see if i can get that weekend off
&gt;.&gt;
and since diego's mentioning in april, it wasn't mentioned again
either way, after all the spam in this chat it's practically impossible to find
but the main issue for me is that i won't have time
but you hadn't decided on the dates when i said that i couldn't make the 17th in the first place
its already old
by second time
like
as much as i like seeing other dudes dicks, it gets old real quick
the other is running around with your dick in your hand
one is dicking around
theres a distinct difference
but thats not spam
yeah
bruh
you posted this like 150 times
[1526105655] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [11:10 PM] Miles O'Brien: [11:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: &lt;&lt;&lt; [5/11/2018 10:54:15 PM] Miles O'Brien: We still camping or has it been cancelled?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 11:05 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
fuck the other shit
thats why this trip is cancer
you filled the chat with so much spam that i literally cant find any quotes on the original plan
actually 
Hmm?
ok but originally we’d said it was on the 20th
but i still dont know how long we plan on staying
me personally i woulda needed to know the details like at least a  month in advance
ye
anyway, i dont think i can come :/
anyway, i dont think i can come :: 
its the fact that nobody’s communicating, so we’re still askin these questions like 2 weeks before
but the problem isnt the non reservations
yea
ik
that shits cancer
“did we resreve a campsite?”  or “where are we going?” and then someone either says no, or nobody responds
every time someone says something here we get the same responses
this shit turned out to be cancer
fucking
nice
its june 20th right?
nigga i’ll throw them hands with yo grandma i dont play nigga this 4th street nigga step
im fuckin tilted
wtf can you not quote someone quoting someone anymore”
[1526661053] Digbo: .

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1526661053] Digbo: .

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
why
fucking
michael
you'll just have to deal with being racist, michael
and all you have to do is say "yes massa" whenever your boss tells you to do something?
that's a little over 5 times the average yearly income
that's easy fuckin living
well i didn't actually do the math
if you're working normal hours
200 an hour you'll be a fucking millionaire in less than a year
but you'd have to shave the pedo stache to make yourself look prepubescent
tbh i'll like any rap that makes me audibly YUH
it doesn't make me want to sell drugs
unless you're selling like heroine and crack
you'd honestly have a hard time making 200/hr sucking dick
there's literally nothing wrong with that shit
i'd do it
200/hr you're making fucking bank
that's a really fucking good deal, you know that right?
rock isnt weird it's the most listened to genre anywhere
that's rock
and it's because he's doing some weird ass shit
i don't really like childish's singing
i've seen meme edits
but he's got his moments
you're still a nigger
michael you fucking faggot nigger
holy fucking shit you goddamn retard
lucky fucker
well hopefully you land the internship
cause then you’re technically a full time employee, so you should be getting benefits
make sure they are
they’d definitely give you 40 hrs?
cause then the real question is if the hours are good
is it hourly?
nice
interview about what?
nice
wait has your summer already started?
1pm-7pm?
he outtie
boy gone
no
cause im lazy
you got fuckin beaned
Yeah, I know haha
What does that mean?
For what?
I just finished
can't read more than 20 pages in one sitting
like i just can't do it
dune is hard to power through though
yeah man
cause dune is hard work
*got my hands full with books
i honestly g
who wrote blood song?
and mitsubishi from the cars
i got suzuki from the motorcycles
for the record
per round
20 damage to enemies 12 damage to allies
yeah it was ridiculous
and the one round where i didn't patient defence
i really only took damage from eric's bullshit in that last fight
though, i probably coulda dodged through all of them
the birds woulda done it without the nevermore
oh for sure
so you mean we coulda banished it and been done?
fuck swarms man
gg no re
spread spores, win war, hug daughter
*play him
[1557632020] Kevin P: And spread your daddys seed for you

&lt;&lt;&lt; you already know how to play
please do
you do it
i know i did
you'll get swarmed
just make a reddit post dude
figure out the mechanics for that
vargach could probably
OH YEAH
It's up
do big boy damage sometimes
but that's rogues
he did big damage sometimes
then he told me and dipped
he said he wanted to leave but had too much anxiety to do so
keta said he's been pretty uncomfortable since alix left and hasn't really been enjoying himself
lmao
yep
what concert is this?
yeah
(sad)
and its not like you guys won’t be fine in combat without “misses all his eldritch blast bolts” guy
yep
or today if i were to like, quit on the spot
the earliest that might change is like june
but i work monday-sunday now and from wed-sat it’s from 9pm-3am
or two new someones
keep going without me, maybe bring in someone new
i don’t want to be the reason the game ends though. 
im working tomorrow 
[1556174022] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: next week my work schedule is about to get completely fucked for the foreseeable future 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
yeah
but i don’t think my dad gives half a shit about either 
tbh i’m not sure if i’m supposed to argue california wage laws or nepotism against having a 46 hour work week
im fighting for some days off but we need to hire some people first
so
where i work my usual schedule, but on all my current off  days i’m also going to be working nights from 9pm-3am
next week my work schedule is about to get completely fucked for the foreseeable future 
yeah, sure dad.
i can’t not go
and
i have a thing scheduled for tmrw night
what does it sound like?
rip
read skype faster
he’s the mushroom man, funnest gi around
and then eldritch blast them for good measure 
if anything tries to step up on you just blow 25 charges on the evil hand and nuke them with a necrotic disintegrate
playing etan is easy. protecc daughter by ending war asap, do whatever papa sporaghor says, and eldritch blast everything until it dies
otherwise, eric can kill him in his sleep for a session or something and you guys can rez me next week
so if anyone wants the massive everlasting honor of playing Etan for a night they can take him
also i can’t make this weekend
only because it's kinda close to home in that it could happen, and the likelyhood of it happening is not as low as say getting freddy kruger'd or hannibal lector'd
it's where the horrific parts of a story/film are centered around the idea of someone taking your identity and doing/saying/sharing terrible things in your name
it's where the horrific parts of a story/film are centered around the idea of someone taking your identity and doing/saying/sharing terrible things in your name
though, identity theft horror is kinda growing on me
body horror=best horror
so it's not irrational to be afraid or distressed by the sight of it
so much as the pictures are weird and disturbing in general
tbh i don't think it's a real thing
me neither
don't click that link
oh no
rip
oh
fix your school
unless someone bets 8:06
so guess you win
like 2 seconds before call
food just arrived 
thats the “asshole” part
just so i can be ready on time for you
im gonna be a lazy asshole and order food
we say 10 but there’s always something 
so it’ll start between 10 and 11
what time is it for you rn?
depending on whether or not there are any extraneous circumstances 
45 mins to an hour and 45 mins
guess etan’s learning the hard way not to fuck with gravity 
nope
hahah
Yeah, I guess
*rip
rio
ah
is it back?
fucking karen
a plane crashed into my apt and now i can't play
oh no
im ready at the agreed upon time
whelp
not if we’re waiting on you
boss fight should be fun though 
none of it good
yeah lot happened 
lol
ready when you are
okay, i'm back
i know where you live
i'll cut you with my 20 dollar machete
i will be ready at 8:30
This.
BROTHER FUCKS THE SHIT OUT OF SISTER'S FRIENDS AND MOM - GONE WILD
cause that shit sounds like the intro to a shitty 90s porno
you better not listen
?
"fucking stay locked in your room, Parsa"
she said
both work
or say "fuck you guys kys"
and say "i can't make it tonight"
ignore everything from above
if you can't show up parsa
which is fucking lame
but you can't just single click import shit from nexus mods
you can still mod on it
rip
or vortex, whatever that is
now you need mod organizer 2
and i just found out that the regular mod organizer doesn't work anymore
i just deleted everything related to skyrim so i could start modding fresh
yeah
they had a good thing going
like
can someone tell me why the fuck they made a mod organizer 2?
nvm
oh wait
yeah that's the bad one
cause that one is terrible
is it that strait edged machete with the hook on the back?
favored threat or something
i'll cut you has become your like
did you get a new knife or something?
LOL
are you sure parsa is the most accurate judge of character around?
and follow up question
did you hear that from parsa?
eric you’re a fiend
.
that'll make them leave you the fuck alone
spiderwalk on the ceiling
which means i don’t want to be up all that late. Probably not a huge problem though 
also, because of the LA marathon i’m probably gonna have to wake up early as shit tomorrow in order to get to work on time
with all the expected hiccups, yeah.
and ieds
and lsd
you take o chem to learn how to make meth
same thing
o chem?
what is this for?
rip
sounds like that one’s your fault 
rip
same
okay
10
Indubitably.
parsa and i together in the pink zone
try not to get into combat cause my aunt is making this take forever 
bleh
gtg for a sec
what the fuck?
wait, BARAKA AINT THE BEST MK CHARACTER
no i misread that
oh
it was goro
cough cough kenobi...
hi
LOL
make me
Gates open!
yeah
or earlier 
im just messing usual time?
Maybe next week
Play what?
im fine
or maybe everyone should ask me
how is everyone for tonight?
Thank you!
ag
i was wondering though how does kēta define himself 
no
b i g   gay
so itll be funny
so itll be funny
and cause i know he hates my character 
cause i believe in him
im entrusting etan to parsa
no
cause apparently here in studio city, nobody does any work except me
apparently the shift i work in silverlake is not the shift they work in studio city
too long
to parsa
[1550984360] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: you’re etan

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1550984357] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: im stuck in gulag rn

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
of why i wasn’t responding 
i thought i sent a pretty clear message 
you’re etan
im stuck in gulag rn
parsa
so i’ll be off at 7 but i won’t be home until 9
so there was some shift finagling and now im working my usual hours, but over there
but a guy at my studio city restaurant got sick
blame me
so
sweet
wow
you wake up at 7?
and frankly i don’t wanna play dnd with them shouting in the background 
they leave sunday morning
i forgot my aunt invited my cousins from boston over
bad news, i don’t think i’ll be able to do this saturday 
cause birds are dumb
way too many
fuckin
is just big highschool
college
you're dumb
mute
ya boi
which is a lot of the time
only when its my fault 
apologies but go ahead and start
im on the phone with my mom for like 10 mins
stock up on red bull
you gotta do what you gotta do
we’re going 6 hours earlier and we end 4 hours later
WRONG
i'm ready
ok
we're starting late
yup
rip
or family won't let you leave?
rain?
why?
ok
those were the eatin' people that were gonna get ate anyway
second
first, we're on the same side as that elf witch, she's just an extremist. which doesn't make her evil or against us.
11:00 for you then
im just messing, though. 9 is fine
thats an oof
better eat fast, motherfucker
we start at 8
no
(sad)
so at 8:14 start calling me bad names
to get home and get my shit all turned on
but im like 5 mins tops
i actually didn’t see that
no
fair enough 
why? you’re like a stick eric?
and also my last name
infidelity is my middle name
hail slaanesh
hey, those are the best kind
w-who’s cravings?
wo
shoot me with not-hunger please
oh boy
by hunger
apologies im gonna be a few minutes late, i got shot
That's correct.
Sorry for what?
sounds good
right
hey this week is a no-go, right?
an excellent meal
pork wrapped in pork broiled in pork juice and lathered in pork sauce
guys i found vargach
i’ll be ready in like 5 mins
any kind that doesn’t know it’s own size
no dice
so
but my dogs are rarted
if i were alone, sure
and it was saying some shit, that i didn’t wanna hear
that car had stepped into the wrong neighborhood 
hey
fair nough
but he’s lazy
parsa could have done it
won’t 
cause tahoe gets really fuckin busy
nice, hopefully it’s not too crowded
are you going skiing or something?
tahoe?
hahaha
ah man thats a lot goin on
^
you better not be
oof
im probably fine
im good. if you want more though, it’s your campaign 
im good. if you want more though, it’s your campaign 
l m a o
I think you did
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
wait it gave me a purple nail?
thats a good hand
yikes
yuh
Alix 
makes me really want 2 screens
that picture
a good 5 or 6 times
it looks like it hit it's head as a baby
dam
and cause you build your own combos and mixups from a list of moves
super simple inputs, very high skill ceiling cause of tech and a couple core mechanics 
which is why its the best
js absolver is like that
i like tekken a little better tbh
nice
tekken is like slightly slower sf4
i played a bit of SF 4
which one?
whats good about smash is that it feels smooth as butter compared to most fighting games
or stand
ok well
but in learning moves and countering them appropriately 
since the skill isnt in learning combos and executing them
the most mechanically complex fighter out there
better fighting game than smash
ABSOLVER
i’ll wait  for smash until the price drops to 30 on a used copy
^
feels bad
d a m n
esp if you’re trying to become a pool shark
physics could be necessary 
never necessary tbh
chem is like
school system is fucked
all i know is that i got straight c’s and b’s while turning in maybe four or five pieces of homework over the course of 3 years
yeah cause samo sucks
best class i ever had
i mean my 10th grade english teacher spent the entire year shit talking our class to our faces.
and never once did i have to put less than 40 marks on a paper
we did peer edits throughout 11th and 12th
yea
yuh oh
cause most people can’t spell
they should have kept em going
thats a bad thing 
tbh
don’t study
ya pearsa
play dnd
studying is omega cancer 
gold is something about a sun disk and obsidian men to the east and if it is what i think it is, i really want to  r a i d   s o m e   t o m b s
snakes seems like the most beneficial to us right now
cause
im thinking desert snakes or desert gold
has anyone taken a look at the missions?
rough time for a final
oof
but aside from that im rdy
alright in 20 mins or so i’ll have to jump out for like 5 mins cause my food’ll get here
that has ever been made
the most terrible thing
this is
what the fucking shit
timely shooter?
wtf
[1543717696] Kevin P: Repeating Timely Shooter
When you first choose this subclass, you reach into the fabric of time and pull from the armory of the god of justice, you can choose up to three different targets each bolt deals 1d6 piercing and 1d4 fire damages by themselves, not including bolts that explode or any magical effect like spells, this repeating crossbow has a clip size of 30, and shoots 3 bolts/arrows when the trigger is pulled, in addition, you only have 1 clip, to gain more you must spend 50 gold to reach into the armory to take more.

&lt;&lt;&lt; also
npcs arent there all the time tho
yeah
is that ai is an npc
and this shit
ai
the difference between
why.
why.
.
why
hmu
aight
for the next hour and a half
all the time in the world
i have
me
incredible 
apologies good sir
certainly not
and don't take out the bones
some people just don't have any common sense
look man
you took out the bones though, right?
turkey broth?
*everyone
we go through the front door and kill everyonr
oh ez
did anything happen after we talked to elin?
so im pretty sure i missed like the last 10-20 minutes of campaign 
nw, take care o yourself
im not gonna be late guys
thats just more good news
good news, i got home and my dogs have already eaten
just making sure your balls are fully attached man
they better be dragon dildos
what are you gonna do with it?
my fucking face when i get mail for yin yang at my apartment 
sounds like a good time
nice
that kind of attention 
its true
wot
oh right
damn, like what?
im surprised you missed this opportunity to flame
it wasn't me
and
only one person said they don't know if they can
"what the fuck are you doing at eric's house, you fuck."
tell him
get jett on here
jett at your house
why is
kms
that said both democrats and republicans can be idiots
i mean i guess
same shit my family does
that's just your family not bothering to actually ask what you think and instead just imposing their own ideas on you
that's not cognitive dissonance
im mentally disassociating in my early 20s
i don't remember that happening
shit gets crazy
that shit happens when you’re on acid
ask if she was on acid
I mean
assuming you take that shit to max level, which, in a realistic world would probably result in the mass genocide of every living being in the region, I don’t see how anything in pokemon existence could survive a single bite from that motherfucker
that beedril is level 20
and by that i mean decimate all four of them and all of their shitty irrelevant pokemon in a single half-hearted blow on the first turn of the first guy
you probably could ohko the elite four with him fully leveled
it fractures the veil of space-time, exposing the shitty game it exists in as a shoddily construed lie.
his power is so great, reality can barely hold itself together 
it’s coming heralds the heat-death of the multiverse
Murderbee, the Destroyer
that’s fucjin
why tf is that shitty bee so powerful?
i’ve got work from 8 until whenever we’re done with DnD
get real
yeah right
hey at least he has a face
:O
O
yea but it wasnt retarded and deranged 
because everything past that is crazy bs
i’d argue though, that it’s completely safe to stop paying attention to story after brotherhood
but yea makes sense 
didnt mean to say that
wow
(smile)
or ending with broderhood
like 3 numbered games?
which 3?
you can fight sobek in origins
thats the general mo of ac games these past 4 or so years
don’t think about it
o o f
name dropped who?
except on thanksgiving 
i never eat turkey 
same
maybe chicken if you’re a WUSS
you ritualistically eat pork and turkey 
its thanksgiving 
steak is good on thanksgiving. but pork is better
l m a o
i will now give them to others.
thank you for these thanks you have given.
e m e r g e n t     g a m e p l a y
that emergent gameplay shit
[1542805197] Kevin P: the first is an ambush with a goal other than just kill or be killed, and the second is an optional but much harder fight that the party gets to decide how to approach

&lt;&lt;&lt; yeah this is what i was thinkin
ooga booga
yeah
i think stealing the party's shit makes them much more angry than just killing it
something small steals the other horse in the ensuing confusion
maybe one horse can get caught in a bear trap and flip, and runs the cart into a tree
combined with oil dropped in jugs from trees above
burning arrows dipped in oil fired from tree cover
kill horses burn cart
the rest are level 2 but if he's a UA ranger than the level one guy'll be fine
the rest are level 2 but if he's a UA ranger than the level one guy'll be fine
what does everyone think of the cleric, the goliath barb, the lvl 1 CG ranger, and the dragon sorcerer
alright
was ez xp
look man he positioned himself like a massive idiot 
oh yeah nvm they’d just die
or you could just throw tucker’s kobolds at them and make them hate you
that they gotta break
it could be an amulet 
werewolf with magic resistance will fuck them up
that was a good one
ew
are always good
goblins
fuck phase spiders
yeah
^
hit them with exhaustion 
that too
or a werewolf 
or walking trees
do a wolfpack with pack hunting tactics
oh    g o d
but it needs more jpeg
idk
so i can get home
gimme an hour
alright alright
we’re not in g a m e
until we get those interviews 
im on strike
nuzlocke emerald  best pokrmon
jfc
but ribs are classics and boneless ribs just aint right
its true
the best cuts are boneless though
chicken is better boneless
thats it
uhh
tbone steaks
ribs
bones are good
that would love to ear your chicken’s bones
there are children in africa 
wot
^^^^
i n t e r v i e w s
bruh 
yes uncultured swine, ik
mostly just the ones you guys send
i don’t look at a lot of memes
where did you find that picture 
holy jeezus f’in christ
if i wasn't playing niceboy mc feelgood
or i would
imma have that cleric shining my boots with his tongue
we just gotta bully him a bit
he'll do anything we tell him to
don't u get it?
for us
weak willed is good
it wouldn't take too much time, but it would take away time from the actual session
since
we ought to do em during the week before next session
same
oh
that works
either that or we try to form a party
ezpz
and then we fill out the four
yeah
or better yet sans parsa since his character just joined
sans me
everyone pick one
tbh i could just say
and any opinions?
so who's looked at the sheet?
hence the discussions on who/what to hire
its just total party money
none
o
ofc
accept
lmao
I DEMAND IN-GAME INTERVIEWS
yeah i like chain pact much more
well yea
no
or chain warlock?
for triple guidance 
should i go tome warlock next level?
just messin
eks dee
and anyone else wants to do B, we do B
or if parsa wants to do A
basically 
yeah
shared party gold
esp considering that the gold we use to hire people is party gold.
anyway i’d be consulting you on any decisions
nope
space cowboy
see you
mostly cause im pretty sure breathing his crap will give us super cancer sooner or later
i think that would be a bad idea
oof
and start living in regular houses?
do we get to stop living in tents?
and through them we gain status in the army 
sinks for our excess gold/items
they’re also
and won cause nobody said no
and i nominated myself to captain 
apparently 
and 2 we’re getting a sub-party
1 who becomes captain 
yea
and there we have it
if nobody responds in 30 minutes its mine
i call dibs on being captain
okay
but i guess i could also flame you with it
oh im flaming her, not you
b i i i i t c h
don’t go to class
didn’t sleep?
tru
gonna say
i was
idk i’d say the wizard is smarter than you
like i think the smartest our characters would get is around parsa level
i don’t think any of our characters would be smart enough to figure that out
is bullshit still
which
and a magically locked door to your left
is when you walk into an empty room with the word overthinking on the far wall
my favorite puzzle
eTerniTy and sighT
yup
that sounds cool but is there an answer to that puzzle?
wot
this might mean you’re more stupid than me
actually 
im not actually stupid hah eat that parsa
is T
which
but it ends up as  “T W I C E     I N    E T E R N I T Y      A N D      A L W A Y S      W I T H I N      E Y E S I G H T”
i just keep missaying it
its 16
Did you find out?
16 shit
but 14 yea
not 14
16 whoops
i mean
the numbers are in base 14
i got the puzzle
i appreciate the meme eric ty
its good
eh
both would be most accurate 
both
or both
left or right?
which am i?
C:
a feeling this dick
your mom is a feeling
i did tell him to play my not shitty indie fighter
actually i’d go a step further and start planning a plot
having shit ready so you can dm is much more rewarding 
i’d say work on campaign setting 
apologies 
idk they’re all good choices, i think you’re fucked
pillars of eternity is fuckin dope
just for parsa
you should totally buy this COOL GAME called AbSoLvEr its SuPeR gOoD
also what campaign?
what games?
social media is fuckin. I’ve got a lot of grievances with it. It was shitty from the get go, with my space, where the whole design was made in order to make it easy to find like-minded people who share your interests, so you can form online cliques and shit
exactly 
stuff becomes impersonal, things with intended meaning become meaningless just because your ideals or whatever dont align
which is why i hate how media and news outlets these days seem to expect everyone who does anything to have an agenda or an angle that they’re trying to push
yup
or the art an artist makes and the impact it had on you
but i’m a 100% individualist. All that matters to me is the art an artist makes and the impact it had on me. 
personally i don’t think you need to respect people based on the impact they had on other people
ic
mars’ best of all time
it is a list of favorites tho
but YEH jojo’s refrences are great
cause it stacks the competition tbh. Bestsellers and really popular albums will be way more influential in general 
just each band and the music they make.
oh i dont really factor influence into those sort of list making things
havent listened to styx tho
of all those i’d probably only have led zeppelin and queen on my list
classic bands
cause Swans took the first four spots
assuming we’re talking about a top 10
but thats a tough list to make
possible 
i know a guy who did the same
oof
its not all that big
cause
i didn’t know about speedwagon the band until a while after watching it
yuh
REO Speedwagon
speedwagon was just a straight name rip from a band btw
also thank you kevin, for understanding that joseph is the greatest joestar. it’s so obvious i dont get how people don’t understand it.
[1542597340] Parsa Jour: or better yet, don't dress like that. the most sensible clothing a character had in jojo was joseph in stardust crusaders

&lt;&lt;&lt; a hundred times this
just not like bracelets on both arms
guys can wear rings
because i immediately assumed that you meant the problem was giant robots
because i immediately assumed that you meant the problem was giant robots
[1542582722] Alix Newton: train just got stuck due to mech problems and there’s three different hobos begging for money 

&lt;&lt;&lt; there must be something wrong with me
what kind of web design, like netcode?
this is true
p u n c h   h e r
oh fuuun
like "yeah i'll go to rocky" that's a very good example
it's very true
same
sorry fellas
then im gonna walk my dogs for two hours 
im nearly home
tos is my s h i t
do you play town of salem or something 
wot
yuh
But
fuckin 18
but if you do then i’ll say no you can’t switch 
if you don’t still wanna play it then don’t 
so you’re over it?
yuh
i mean enough time has passed where its free game imo
lmao
we roasted him for skipping school when he wasn’t hurt by the accident whatsoever 
no we didn’t roast him over it
thats fucking savage 
you roasted him for getting hit by a car?
lol
i want to be a wereboar fighter/wizard
can i reroll as well? /s
lmao
we could also spend a ludicrous amount of money on health potions 
FUCK YOU
NO
get real
hah
if you ever wanna add something but miss a conversation, just do it, lol. that’s what i do
this
i don’t think thats how that works but if you really want one of those things, who am I to stop you?
yep
cause the amount of fucks you have to give in order to wear that gross ass shit in public has to be somewhere way into the negatives 
is so fucking weird, but also a little impressive 
dude seeing people wear those outside
h e n t a i    h o o d i e s
except to transform them into sorcery points
sorclocks don't use spellslots
in which case
unless you're a sorclock
yep
yeah
i guess the 8 hr short rests would make warlocks op
thats uh
?
gemi was a dank meme
and milo was playing gemi
not even milo
nobody
yeah but who did?
?
dude you think i pay attention to anything that happens to gemi
nope
none of that was pointed out in session
i mean
and that was what made her see us in the first place
yeah but they told the chronomancer
the whole thing was to impress the chronomancer
guards?
wtf
no the fuckin son and daughter
impress people so they'd come help our country
that was literally our job in the country
very debatable that nature is a conscious force
i'd say it's
well
like
but hunter magic is from all the hunter gods
idk about druids being divine
that's what ranger magic is
but
lmao
idk i thik cat people are definitely heresy
hol up
yeah
is tigerfolk
rakshasa
that's not the name for it
but
tigerfolk is kinda cool
tbh
michael
that was only
no
g o d   d a m n
hahaha
^
?
shit was so bad it was good
tbh
im willing to do 8 hour dnd again
100%
which was worth
like milo's session, headbutting the worm
where i'll do some shit that's stupid enough for me to instantly die
eventually some situation will come up
i know
haha noo dont kill me
C:
shoulda done it
oof
yeah, in my case it’s cause i’m one of the few people who actually genuinely hates people in general.
yes
js
which is stupid 
well then being empathetic is not as related to general empathy as i thought
we’re practically sociopaths 
outta like 100 right?
cause i got a 13
i dont think that’s what empathy is
thanks parsa i thought it was rather high iq of me too, did you know I watch rick and morty?
T
the answer is
i think
ic
yeah i figured the e’s are something else
do you equate the numbers to letters of the alphabet?
one nutty puzzle my dude
that’s uh
ur safe
im only good at making switch puzzles
hey man
J U S T   G O T   C A L L E D   O U T
E R I C
yea
getty is far
ew lol
im not saying it was that long ago
cause being able to stuff your mouth with lots and lots of food was a luxury
historical rich people are all pretty fat my man
and nah dude
with milo
is some  boneless dinos
what i rly wanna see
i'll go look at bones with memelo
maybe not
maybe it'll happen
fucking jinx yuri hentai lmao
tbh
how you’re on my friends list with that name
still dont know
mine is foxy mclavish, cant be worse
that’s hilarious 
tight vi janna
its ridiculous
i know a dude who makes bank just installing ram and shit like adobe suite and microsoft office onto people's computers
i only meme
ever
no food 
more like
bio degree
rip
: ( rip belugas
how’s retail?
very understandable 
yea lol
neither are out yet
not like cyberpunk 2077 or my friend pedro will be
its not like a must play tbh
black flag was the best by far
now that they fixed the bugs, the game is playable and the animations are perfect
unity’s design was better imo
:0000
why assassins creed tho
wat why?
you probably meet all of them before you hit 39
yea
but when you do speak its awesome, right?
like uti for instance, i saw him maybe once or twice a year but we still talk and the fucker’s in new york
where you can not talk to them for 5 years then hit them up and it’s like nothings changed
5  real friends
yeah 5
and you gotta recognize those ones and keep them
you only make 5 or so actual friends in your life imo
in general
friends suck
true
which is why the fights were brutal
i mean, i didn’t know the beach kids, they were just little shits that didn’t wanna let the black kid climb into the lifeguard tower
i wish i did :(
i miss beach fights, that shit was brutal. shove kids faces into the sand then elbow drop em
i didn’t do any of that shit, all my fights were at school, at sleep overs or at the beach
oof
like sharp shit is a hard no
cause that other shit can fuck you up permanently 
i only do fistfights
wow
scouts fights sound dumb
lmao
yea i fought my friends mostly
fights gotta be fair
no i wouldn’t do that either 
she’s also cool
so i cant
cause she’s short 
never fought my sister
lmao damb
its the most visceral fun as a guy that isnt sex that you can experience 
i have but i was a kid and kids are very very stupid 
it’s impossible 
never. you know how hard it is to start a fight sober???
cause you have shit balance and shittier coordination
getting into drunk fights sucks though
those are the best kinds of memories 
but yeah with friends that doesn’t happen
normally i cut myself off before i get absolutely retarded
this is true
oof
*bruh
cmon brug
no thats while you drink
thats what comes
also eric, what comes after drinking? hangovers?
^ this is good too, this was me for a while
who drinks for what comes after?
but also do it cause it’s awesome and you’ll never feel better
thats good don’t do it it’s just one never ending mistake
: P
: P
That was my best guess, too drunk to keep going tbh
sounds like what you’re talking about
a tsunami?
m i l o?
i appreciated parsa’s paying attention, cause that shit came in handy 
they were good riddles
that’d fucking kill you, annnnd yeah, it might happen
my feel good nice boy will never die, t r u s t
alright next time we’ll let you die i guess
lmao
i thought it was good.
but uh, what’d everyone think of last session? good?
he is the alpha
its impossible to forget vargach
cause i forget his in game name
so its fair
i’ve only called parsa corswain like three times, though
i mean it sounds like a fake name
lmao
other characters i’ve played wouldn’t do that tbh
etan is a niceguy
i gave ya some extra money btw if you check r20’s logs
if i was someone other than the pathos-inducing good boye i was i would have been totally fine with it in the monent
i thought it was mostly character based
kk
we’re lvl 3
y u p
monks are the shit
monks = hunks
nice highlight
*person
you don't have to be a perso
you're an aligator
nah
w o t
eh
Hey, its been a couple sessions now and I'm afraid I dont think i fit the game your enjoying at the moment.
I gave it a couple sessions but will leave you guys here before we get to into it.
You seem like a nice group of people and I hope you enjoy your game.
-Sam (Jalas)
yeah
ok
understandable 
stuff like fleet foxes or sufjan stevens
indie pop branches out though
most pop isnt
k pop isn’t musically interesting all that often
individual opinions are the only ones worth listening to
popular opinion has like 0 value
in general
people are idiots though
l m a o
that all has lyrics
ever heard of animals as leaders?
hmm
what kind do you like?
its mostly instrumental metal
have you not listened to anything i’ve sent in any chat ever?
when did this happen?
wtf
metal????
like
you
but i thought the pentakill stuff was pretty bad anyway
tbh
and they fall under the label of champ promos
champ logins are all instrumental 
i mean songs with lyrics
that wasnt riot games
right
i think it might be their only good song tbh
their last good song was the jinx one
unless it’s a character promo
riot games needs to stop making music
ew no
counting on your fingers like i said
yup
on your fingers
counting
nothing screams stupid like i’ll kill you but I still like you but I REALLY DON’t haha please look at me senpai
i prefer that yandere shit
lmfao
deal with it
im not excited
 HELL YEAH MOTHERFUCKER 8:00
FUCKING WOO
okok
it has a good amount of emotion
stormlight isn't all that inpirational
okay hol up
yeah
i love it
is fucking insane
the fact that literally nothing happens until chapter 8
cause the slow pacing is what makes the book so good to me
i just fundamentally don't get that
like dragons
amongst other things
where magic exists
in a fantasy setting
yep
yea
dude
wait
im completely the opposite
larger scale, larger scope shit
you like the scale
cause the others were much faster in comparison
yeah i know
i just wish it took more chapters out to focus on the side characters
very well done there
oathbringer hit a good spot in the pacing
at least in the first two books
it's way too fast paced
i count that against stormlight in this instance
because everyone, and their mothers and grandparent's already know
and you can't emulate classic literature
style's changed a bunch
you can't get the same from classic literature
nah
yeah
yes i do like that more than world and character building
that's how you know the writing flows rly well
but kingkiller does like three chapters that are entirely in verse. and you won't even realize it until halfway through
it's so fuckin good
like ever
is top 10
stormlight's fuckin worldbuilding
that said
there's a flow to the prose that sanderson doesn't have at all
the writing is much better
and the narrator is heavily biased
the characters are told from one idiot's perspective
the perspective is different
get free money from your free money
and invest it into stocks
save your money
fuckin kafka on the shore
and that's it
but the best writer of the decade is haruki murakami
cause it's written better
i still think kingkiller chronicles is a better series
100% edgy
cause then it's just
unless you're talking dark heresy and the inquisition
cause the armor looks like buzz lightyear
except not edgy either
yeah
warhammer is dank dude
you'd probably like them
you ever read brandon sanderson's stormlight archives?
like the left hand of darkness, which im reading for the 8th time rn
but only when books are really good
cause i do that
what books do you usually read?
yuh
i wouldn't buy it cause i wouldn't use it.
i wouldn't buy it cause i wouldn't use it.
well then i guess it's not a waste at all then
oh i see
do you use it regularly?
did you buy a phb?
i just don't like using books for dnd
same
yeah well you're a nerd
and spend your money on a really good dice set or a figure or something
pdf them
or just
i was gonna say
yeah
but not rn
i will
pocket called
sorry
that was pretty heavy
im gonna sleep now, thanks
i blame you guys for making this conversation too interesting to leave
man i really didn't want to stay up until 2
but i can't because i don't have any money
i'd also love to get a camper van and paint it in some rainbow lsd pattern and drive off into the sunset to play guitar and smoke weed for the rest of my life
but most people weren't making the music
the music made then was fantastic
don't get me wrong
and plenty of other people i know
can confirm, this was my mom
who care about absolutely nothing cause their parents were too inebriated or too busy to teach them anything
hippy culture is beggining a resurgence too, but it's being done by millenials.
because the 60s, the 70s, the 80s and the 90s happened
it wouldn't work in america though
it's a strong system
and the now adult kids take care of the parents
but ownership transfers over
or they live in the same house
and then when they get their own homes, their parents move in with them later
but people don't know how to do that because after years of fuckin non stop partying, there are very few parents left to teach responsibilty
but western culture also has a stigma that once you're past 30 you should probably be a responsible fuckin adult
western culture focuses on celebrating the individual, and persuing happiness, especially in your earlier years, like 17-25
well whats the duty and the responsibility
which is a sick fuckin joke
cause a lotta rappers be out here creating things, persuing money to consume shit
which is funny
if you persue happiness through creating things i feel like that's the ideal
consumption vs creation
and most people are content with things like liquor, drugs, sex, tv, videogames, etc 
but that sort of happiness is much harder to obtain than other forms
as long as you're doing that in a field that makes you happy
you can be happy by persuing stability
not necessarily
maybe 80%
90% of adults aren't responsible
if you're a responsible adult you're awesome
thats literally it
awesome parents = responsible parents
good times
i grew up with no dad and a rich mom and always felt poor because my mom is a piece of shit
bruh
the shit that comes out of your mouth?
i don't think you're well adjusted eric.
because they made commitments then grew
which is make people mad at each other
legal and symbolic reasons that do do something in the end
yes
its true
literally nothing
yeah but what does marriage actually give to your kids?
but you don't have to be married to do that
well raise your fucking kids
yeah
even if they have kids
people in general shouldn't get married
society shouldn't glorify marriage.
not push for marriage in the first place
you could always
yeah it's true
only for your children
that's part of the reason
lmfao
instead of better subways
you should just build better roads
people drive cars these days
the problem with ny is that it's too small and too crowded
you never wait longer than 5 mins
new york's subways are close
la's subway system is gutter trash
but that wouldn't stop gang violence and such
that sounds good
well are you talking about LA or about america
exponentially lol
*a shit ton
so you’d need exponentially more trains
is that america is much much bigger than taiwan
the problem with 2 minute trains
5-10 minute trains is more realistic 
2 minute trains is a bit much
it works as long as you funnel your money into the right things
oh that's good
huge whale dick
taiwan sucks DICK
so if you appear to have unfair statistics about your student's ethnicities, you hate black people
but since new racism and old racism have the same word, there isnt distinction between the two
it's new racism
well
even though that's not racism
exactly
yes
cause it's just a convoluted way of lying to the rest of the world
and thats why i don't like affirmative action on principle
*being used
affirmative action is the blanket using to cover up that fact
as of right now
that's just the way things are
that's not a problem
which is that poor people don't have access to education
but it's just avoiding the actual problem
yes
l m a o
because it assumes that mexicans and african americans are stupid as shit
it's actually a very very racist rule
yeah
and i hate politics cause its stupid
cause everything on affirmative action is so politically charged
but i can't stand reading up on it
i didn't realize white students were benefitting from affirmative action and wanted to check
im not saying it's a race thing
uh
it just has to be someone that wasn't affected by affirmative action
it doesn't necessarily have to be asian
i get that its an attempt to help make up for the shitty environments that minorities grow up in
yes
it is unfair
i don't want to be helped by that law
i know
but at the same time, we shouldn't be making rules to try and make sure all the races are represented in all the schools
that's why affirmative action exists
lmao
in fuckin post 2010
majoring in musical theater
but because it is unfair
not because it makes your life harder
tbh
same
that's how it should be for art schools
public opinion is lame
that's how it works
cause a shitty essay shows you're good at rote memorization
you need a really good essay
and then i went for two years anyway
at that point i was like "bitch im not going to school idgaf"
"No chance, lmao. Get real."
gottem
I have a 1380 SAT score with a 730 in math and 650 in reading. I have a 5.1 gpa and am taking 4 AP classes now, 2 dual enrollment classes and have passed 5 APs. The AP classes I have passed are AP Lit: 3, AP Lang: 3, AP Art History: 3, AP Seminar: 3, and AP Calculus AB: 4. The ones I am taking this year are AP Calculus BC, AP Chemistry, AP Environmental Science and AP Computer Science. I’m SGA secretary in my school and part of the clubs: BETA, Best Buddies, Res Cross, Alzheimer’s and played volleyball for 3 years. I am a Hispanic female applying as a computer science major. Please comment what you guys think!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lmfao
added a pls lmfa
even if they have a chance
everyone
and just tell them no
i almost want to go on and pretend that im a usc student
who wants to do that?
wait wtf
can i plz get in with a 3.8
can i get in?
that's all they ask?
and that's it?
i'd rather look at natureisfuckinglit
sounds lame
also why is there a usc subreddit?
why?
yes
yeah i can see how he'd be decent
im not a nice person.......
tell him it's a very fun and good anime movie
tell him to watch perfect blue
oh no
oh
that's zeldafied captain falcon
straight hair
before skin color
that's the first thing to go
we just don't
i mean
but his hair is straight
wajt he's black
dresses like that in real life?
yikes
uh
and
that's enough reason to round down
i mean it's .1
as long as it wasn't done seriously it'd be a fantastic meme
he should have done himself but super sentai'd
idk
and was gonna miss reg class
i have once, just cause i needed to turn in a paper
he just made a 3d model of himself?
yea
i don't have an oc, but i have a shitton of characters
for instance
and your OC
between a character
yeah but theres a difference
did he model his oc for class
is that his OC
 w a i t
have your headphones in and listen to some daughters on full blast
don't talk to them or look at them
and see that shit
so they get to walk in
and have it inside
get a sign that says "If your code doesn't compile and run, leave."
better yet
that's how i'd feel if i told my students not to model anime characters and the first thing they do is model anime characters
l m a o
LordFriendZone9251,583 ptsAug 30 2015
When my Professor looks over to see how I'm doing on my test
and i've never been happier
i haven't had to write one since i quit school
i hate writing essays man
exactly
yes
which is retarded
i've had to write 6 page essays on 20 tiny pages of book material
3 page essays aint shit
this is the real unlucky part
[1541144146] Alix Newton: half my friends are furries and only care about shitty furry art

&lt;&lt;&lt; this
wait
oh of course, apologies.
no only you're busy
that's unlucky.
that
i can't even sell absolver to my friends
which is fuckin tough
which means you need to be able to sell yourself first
you need word of mouth advertising
kickstarter
unless you go through patreon or
yeah
but that's very very hard
you can do characters if you do your own work
and having a job you like is so much more rewarding than a job that pays better
cause they're more fun
game companies are better
so she gets an internship at microsoft
as the one who introduces you to her friends
nvm you did mention her
ah
i've never heard of her
your cousin?
who the fuck is kelly
stop mentioning these people like we know them when you know we don't
please
lmao
yeah exactly
sounds like work that most people would be willing to pay a hefty sum for someone else to do
cool
yeah to get higher frame rates
whatever it's used for
thankfully we've got people like you to do it for me
that looks like a lot of work that i never want to do 
jesus
looks like cancer in practice
sounds fun in theory
oh is this for those heightmaps you were doing?
that's a nice harmless prank right there
and just mark it all wrong
and then grade it
and tell him to do all the wrong things
help him with his homework and shit
every night
Actually
fail him even if he gets everything right
only in the sense that that was the course you'd fail him in
so perfection was implied
the last thing you talked about before that statement was perfection
no it wasn't
you didn't say programming
did you just try to equate perfection to a fantasy portrayal of magic?
hold on
maybe your human mind is
even when i am wrong, im not.
im never wrong
i do
what if he does everything right?
lmao
those people are trolls
to provide some more context
it's a meme from 4chan
there usually aren't points to memes
it's a meme
theres no point
not if we didn't tell you you could not take it
because you're not doing it
and have to play absolver
so that you'd lose
i wanted to challenge you
ik
wow
:/
parsa challenged me
no
but making playable races is hard
i was gonna do something similar
damn
ah
but design-wise it's a fuckin masterpiece
the game is gross
well i can see why one of your professors would leave for destiny
ahh
did you hear about undertale 2 btw?
game dev major?
it devalues the art
i don't like social comentary in my art
he could be on tim and eric awesome show
that's fucking hilarious
holy shit
with a clothes iron?
ironed?
wait
that's a fucking roast and a half
at least
they’re cooler than high school teachers
professors are pretty cool
i could understand 1 cause its bungie and nobody knew what destiny was gonna be
gross
1 or 2?
destiny?
yeah thats the problem 
idk if art schools do tenure
keep more money
not to save so much as
or
to save money 
yeah i could see teachers being underpaid in that environment
ah
is it a state college or private?
right outta their jobs
no scoped em
yeah
oof
lucky motherfucker
you go to school cause your mom works there
that doesnt cover living expenses
so a thousand a month
7k
wait he gets
that doesnt pay rent
pfft
and didn’t get sick for a month or something 
and kept it
got a job
if he uh
no, but milo wouldn’t be a bad roommate 
*cover
i could save money on rent by moving out, but moving out means my aunt gets evicted cause she can’t covers the place herself 
pretty rough
and its a lot for a dude who hasn’t paid rent before
and its a lot for a dude who hasn’t paid rent before
yes
i miss not paying rent
yea definitely 
a half adult though
18 is like
i think i remember 24
no, sam’s 24 right?
and that’s 19?
wow
i dont hate it i was saying clash is league of legends crap
league of legends crap
i understand the batshit crazy family thing
he’s number 2
sister’s great uncle is phillip bailey from earth wind and fire
my uhh
thats pretty cool
i don’t even like a lot of e-famous people
i don’t like most. this is correct
reading comprehension. you fail.
that i know and like
yea i think i’ve only run into like three famous people who I know and like, including sam today
thats pretty cool though
yeah
him and his wife.
yup
yup
jackass
yes
guess who just rolled in on a razor scooter to have tacos at my bar?
OI
this is probably the better place for this
oh shit
aquarium water?
i suddenly feel like i got hit by a truck
holy shit wtf just happened
cant even hear her
spoiled the answer
w h o o p s
will mars be feeding his dogs for the first 20 mins
now the real question is
thats a fair assumption
yep
parsa thats what i was saying
parsa thats what i was saying
but lying aint letting them down easy
he said he didnt want to?
idk if you dont wanna go id still say you should just say that
sure
but still
i mean don’t do that haha that would be bad
yea
👋
*too
throw in some emojis top
just say “Fuck you I don’t want to go, peace out”


no its not today
worked better than if i had left it with IOS
and just use that
partition out 90% of the disk space for windows
thats what i did with my macbook
voice only
yea you need the space
oh
?
why are you learning this system that hasnt been updated for years?
sounds stupid 
its only 15 20 mins if you make an appointment, but this visit was spontaneous 
department of motor vehicles 
just to learn i have to come back tmrw
i’ve been at the dmv for 4 hours
you nut, eric
why would you time it like that tho
till dnd
but i’ve seen you stay up till like 4 every night. idk how you do it
for you 10pm
Oh sweet
that gives you proficiencies
oh i mean the uh, character background that you add on the sheet
i don't think any book backgrounds will fit the campaign, so pick one with proficiencies and tools that'll fit your character
did everyone pick backgrounds?
have a name now
Poeby Seawater
i dont even have a name
pick up my phone outta my pocket, boom suddenly im calling the group
i just got home like 20 seconds ago
or i type in chat: wanna call?
unless its on saturdays
trust
wasnt me
nope
oof
oh
lmao no
sweet
good question, eric?
sweet
im just sayin im pretty sure we already told everyone about the dragging thing like 6 times we don't need to say it that many times
so then you click on the option that says output, and change it from spellcard to attack. if it's an attack. or don't if it's not
so.
i'm specifically talking about spells that aren't in the i tab
parsa.
it's not hard, i just copy paste all the relevant details of the spells from wikipedia or other lists 
coolio
i can help you make em
makes things much easier
and keta u want help making your character tonight?
well the ones you plan on using most
yo alix do you have macros set up for the spells you plan on using?
like by hand?
painting?
sounds pretty cool!
cool, what's the campaign about?
oh is it over?
i forgot you had a different group tonight, keta.
oh wait nvm
yo
how
sweet
11:30 over in chi town
oh right
i didn’t get around to picking spells
oh sweet!
i was expecting answers more at like noon tbh
no rush, take as long as ya need
u too lol
night
okay. i should probably sleep. gotta be at work at 10 tomorrow
*same
sam4
since that's what he's always wanted to do
knowing eric, he'll probably want to go into prestige levels and super high level campaign things anyway
yuh
but i could also save that fourth sorc level for whenever too
depends on how long the campaign goes
that's very true
even though i want those fukin numbers man
and that's just flat better than an asi
for me it's pretty rough cause as a 17 warlock/ 3 sorc i get my only chance at a 9th lvl spell
that'd be good too
ah truee
tbh it might be worth going druid 16 barb 4or for the ASI
tbh it might be worth going druid 16 barb 4or for the ASI
1 point 1 feat rather than 2 points or a feat
since eric, dm made asi's more worth
that's pretty nasty my dude
resistance to everything but psychic?
are you going bearbarian?
very good
yeh
right that kinda sucks
oh oof
have a nice sleep
very very understandable
i guess someone will have to hold person people into my spike growths and hunger of hadars
feelsbad
wait cant stack big aoe cc spells cause concentration is the enemy
holy shit im just gonna stack aoe cc spells and quicken those while pelting people with eldritch blasts
*r4d6d1
you can type /rd6d1 to make it automated
we're doing 4d6 drop 1
nvm
oh
it's also
rolling i think
9 health on my lvl 1 sorcerer i'm happy
alright
so that could be it
my computer is a fat piece of crap tho
yeah, nothing really works
and my input volume is maxed
my voice comes out way too quiet
i could use discord to chat, just not to call. cause that shit's wonky and is a fucking headache
lmao
if you're taking the -5 to hit penalty yeah
*win
then looks like you wi
but hey if he can't touch you and you can touch him
yeag
u kidding me
ok nvm that's fuckin broken
imo at least
but broken at lvl 1 is no biggie
flight at lvl 1
ikr
i should add
an official book
as long as they're in a book dm's good
so you can go with em
they're all in a book
i scrolled through miles of stuff to bring you this fresh link
this crap
repost
lemme
KEVIN STEPS INTO THE RING
and we have OUR MAN
over who's better
cause you get to argue
duplicates are fun
be somethin else if you don't wanna be two clerics
i think im gonna be the crowd control bot if possible
wants to! i didn't even have to ask
we need a tank and a healer and this dude wants to be both
i mean i don't wanna boot him out just yet
yea but he's taking a while and i don't like it
hell yeah
a spore druid!
that shit's my favorite spell
*hadar
parsa says i want to play warlock for the quickened spell double eldritch blast, but i really just want it for hunger of hadarr
i mean im not against having two warlocks
incredibly strong
cause i can just wait until i hit lvl 2 in warlock and get devil's sight, which combined with darkness is
i just realized that im a fool too lmao
naw u can go warlock
ok
two warlocks?
no plz
despite being edgy as heck gives me dark vision
this
i want dark vision from being a tiefling, but i also want free feats from being a human variant
there goes my problemo
Shadow Magic(Xanathar's Guide to Everything)Eyes of the DarkStarting at 1st level you have darkvision with a range of 120 feet.When you reach 3rd level in this class you learn the Darkness spell which doesn't count against your number of sorcerer spells known. In addition, you can cast it by spending 2 Sorcery Points or by expending a spell slot. If you cast it with sorcery points, you can see through the darkness created by the spell.
oh shit
i'm being the three dagger sorcerer
wo wtf is that
🤔
Two daggers.
(b) any simple weapon
(a) A light crossbow and 20 bolts, or, (b) any simple weapon(a) A component pouch, or, (b) an arcane focus(a) A dungeoneer's pack, or, (b) an explorer's packTwo daggers
dagger wizard is a go
hail slaanesh?
fuck everything
idk man sounds pretty FUCKIn great to me
i also get a free thaumaturgy
darkvision is too strong
hmmmmmmmmmmmmno
hmm
do i trade darkvision for a feat?
i was surprised
it is
ok
skype can be stupid sometimes
ah
idk, it's not giving them to me on my computer, but it is on my phone
but also awesome. especially if your instrument is faces
sounds terrible
i want to try a bardbarian now
b a r d b a r i a n ?
b a r d b a r i a n ?
yah
but hes takin his jolly sweet motherfuckin time
i'm waiting on the barb/druid to send over his skype name
nah he told me he wanted to be cleric, but you don't have to
but i'd be a hypocrite
i'd say it is
a bad idea?
that's
im goin all for it
that sounds cheesy as fuck
hell yeah
and one of the wizards is a barbarian
6 wizards
the sorcerer wizard
im wizard number 2
two wizards
yeayaya
and then whack
it goes boom
holy shit im laggin
we got
we go
sup
fuck now i gotta add him back and he's gonna see us roasting him
fuck
wow
i guess naedmas dropped?
oh
oh
and absolver is incredible
league is the worst game ever made
no the meme name for the group chat
you fucker
you changed my meme name
ay
this is why i don't put the weights of things that don't matter in
*NO
GO FOR IT THEN DON'T WAIT FOR HIM TO SAY NOW
what?
that he wasn't doing i guess :/
well yeah i gave you a method
dam
i don't drag
fair enough
damb we really weak out here
oh
or just the 4d6
it's 4d6 drop 1, then 5d6 drop 2 right?
rate outta 10
you fucking cheating on me man?
who the fuck is christina?
i'm a fool lol
NVM
WAIT
not the old thing?
oh
there was no mess, so i gathered up my cajones and took the liberty of making one
hell yeah i did
how does it put food in it's tiny owl mouth?
it's so big, how is it supposed to fly
like an owlbear ought to
and look confused
but they can stand around
yea
that was a shitpost
hehehahahaha
that's what i want now
can you get an owlbear familiar
unkillable magik owl?
i'll probably go either variant human or tiefling
and they make it terrible
or they do
because the people who make them don't think about balance
the homebrew stuff is broken
no
i'd say it's good
if it's in the books and not the homebrew wikis
all the ones that are in the books
uh
bad job eric
which he hasn't done
eric has to hand them out
well
but like not like that
we got sheets on the roll 20
o
yu know, sometimes. shit just happens.
i was waiting for the punch line there
lmao
dnd on a monday?
d a m b
on top of one another?
in a row?
two tieflings?
yet
lets see what kind of mess people have made there
gonna do so now
i haven't actually clicked on that roll20 link yet
i don't know
it happens
amirite?
i mean as long as they don't play kitsune then start licking the other pcs and screaming "it's what my character would do"
and thus didn't get shitstomped by the eldritch horrors of fuck you
elves are from a distant elfish land of elfy things
nope
is so funny
the name
just cause
nanana you can be an arakokra and not be a furry
im just messing but WHAT?
this is the STORY of your LIFE?
is this your backstory?
kenku are the bigger meme ones
arakokra are the meme ones
aasimar are angelboys
maybe aasimar too, idk
well if you're an elf you can be whatever you want
LOL
im distracted by things
oh
ohhh
so they can be dried?
aren't herbs supposed to die?
can we get an F for those plants
oof
so what kinda occult shit we talking?
but i give a plus two for the succulent and it's vase
im still on the alligator head
holy shit that's cool
the whole thing
alligator head.
that is an alligator head
quartz dice what the hell.
idk
so like
i only play dnd online but i want a dice set and a miniature
that's ruff.
man
normally she's nice, but her growl and bark are so fuckin loud
OOF
holy shit my dog just started growling out the window
like mine
you need to have a heart of pure granite
by me
and because he was voted off
cause we were only looking for 4
5, but i told the last one that he was voted off
well
4 gooduns
im missing one still, cause he hasn't told me his skype name and i can't add him :/
heres the link
hows it hangin
hi
im cool tho i can play absolver and be good
i was only pointing out that i suggested today and people said “ye”
b l e h
0
0 tact
parsa has
its more that
?
no
i thought we were gonna do the session with milo and jett and everyone
que?
idk
that’s understandable
y e a h
but cmon bruh, how u gonna be playing videogames when we get the boys together for dnd,
i do know that
and im just upset about that cause when you were paying attention it was awesome and im not sure what happened
but lets say we were doing dnd in person, jett you basically just said you spend the whole session fucking around on your phone until someone says your name
ofc, that’s understandable that you’d want out
if you’re doing things and putting forth an effort and not getting anything out of it
that makes sense
the whole point of the game is to do things
i probably won’t be making any friends saying this, but it’s not eric’s, parsa’s or my job to get you invested into dnd, if you’re fucking playing wow, of course you wont be invested
sor
that pended so hard
wow
neutral means neutral, generally
y o i n k s
nice
r i p
same shit
i was assuming contested lands
he didnt describe it
this is fuckin sick
oh holy shit
he's gotta have 0 int
and pray she doesn't execute us
i didn't miss it
i've been having a shitty day.
i get off at 4:30
is when im free
6
sun at like
i work night on friday
sat or sun
C A M P   P A I N   W H E N
yea
that’s revolutionary 
you can stack rage?
wait
lul
dont be surprised when our boy doesnt shill out
im not actually upset
ik
hell yeah
that 5 gold is worth 10 times less tho
i’ve only had 5 gold
r i p
5 gold
r i p
fuck it though, what we’ve been doing is fine
oof
my aunt's shouting rly loud
nobody’s whole foods until 7 technically 
we did say 5-6
thats fine
eric’s out?
ya boi too good
[1529277076] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: probably 5:39

&lt;&lt;&lt;  
look at that shit
and im back
I always do
wtf
:&gt;
: &gt;
*30
probably 5:39
fuck you milo
you bitch
I supp like a proper lady ought, it's just the quality of my meals that's declined
it's really quite worthwhile
what would you do with all that money? squander it, i'd bet.
i didn't actually have anything about lysandre in there
she's a "rogue"
parsa isn't an evil heritic, but i see what you're goin for
don't tell me we don't have lysandre
jett didn't make a new character, did he?
so i’ll let you guys know if i can get home early, but it’ll probably be like 6
same
4-10 was a joke
fuck off
i’ve been awake since 7:30
pay me no heed
im just retarded
Yeah we did
monday, any time between 4 and 10 pm
so fucj it
the less likely we have a whole foods scenario 
the wider the net is cast
Yes we do
5-7 start
that said, i agree, we should wait for him
fuck eric, we dont need him to confirm our decisions
and after that is lucky’s birthday fuckin party
dads day is breakfast for me
obviously we wouldnt be doing anything while dad’s day is active
well yea
im suggesting a course of action where i can make sunday dnd
eric’s first choice for dnd was sunday
same
let us not waste valuable days not doing the shit we want to do
immensely gay
no, that sounds
not both
but i can do one on monday
its just a regular job. my dad doesnt wanna be sued for nepotism or anything 
my boss is the manager
he just owns the place
but he’s not my boss
i am
yes
like 3-4
n stay until
9
and come at like
could site dogs as the reason why
try to leave my dad’s early on sun
or i could
in the group chat
and spoil the entire movie
i’ll see it on saturday 
idgaf
go see it tho
9-3
i’ll be at work from like
idk if it works for incredibles tho
fool
yes
i assumed milo’s yes meant jett’s yes
i said yes
cool
 peace
kms
and its gonna be a fucking crazy friday
i’ve gotta wake up at 7 wtf am i doing
she’ll be in the slaughter group
when the world goes through an eventual culling to thin the numbers
too dumb to live
thats the type of bitch who actually doesn’t deserve life
what the fuck
hence her being a fucking dumb bitch who’d rather rent a house in the city than live in the fucking pallisades
that bitch is stupid and worthless
of course they are
i’d dump that bitch
his wife is retarded
w h a t    t h e    f u c k
and the elevator permits expired in 2015
yet none of the amenities in the building work
and they just bumped the rates up a hundred fifty
the place im in now is 2.5k
5.5k y i k e s
luckily i could probably become a manager at my dad’s place in 2 years if i like pay attention.
im all for people living in their parents basements after looking at all this expensive ass fucking rent
fucking do it
if you can
like mine are
“fuck you eric, go get your own money, faggot”
you will when you move out and your parents say
well
thats the same with me on mornings
yea exactly 
tuesday and friday i work nights so that shit wont fly
tuesday and friday i work nights so that shit wont fly
i’ve got monday afternoon off, wednesday, and thursday off, then saturday and sunday off probably like after 6
so i probably won't be free till like 10-11
sunday is fathers day and my little brother's birthday
ikr
sounds about right
lmao
fantasy is usually more colorful until you need it dry
there's a difference
cause i don't know how to write fantasy
I'm sorry
it's just a little town
idk i like baronets
idk i like baronet's
that would make cio's uncle a baron. should i make him a baronet?
since cio's grand daddy is probably dead
yea that's how it's gone generally
it's named after the family line
yea man q
q
why dont you let the bibbas onto your island
yeah you racist fuck BITCH
 :/
real sor man. i didnt get to the part where i make it not espresso depresso
LOL
i was gonna tldr it and send you a less depressing one
bruh
you can read my unfinished, unedited, unadulterated shit
oh
fair enough man
dw
you dont have to walk any dogs tho
r i p
and it's about a half an hour away
Hot damn
just cause more info is always better
idk the princedom boarders would be nice as fuck
oof
which is fair since he didn't reroll anything
it'd be jett's ring if he did
it'd be jett's ring if he die
we're currently retroactively ruling that he did take it
but maybe the northernmost corner of Serthan's lands could work
prince Sadeas' lands?
they had to put him in the picture so he wouldn't get upset and have another seizure
we don't talk about the one on the left
when it's done
that's fuckin gay
you said you don't like them
eric didn't say you don't like them
that lysander didn't take his dope ass warlock sword?
you're telling me
so lysanderwould
that was why we didn’t loot him i assumed
^^
with him
i thought it turned to stone
 is jett back?
30 seconds
fuck
shit
to beat this mans ass
ive got one minute
one minute
i apologize profusely 
on accident 
mb
yea
trying to close that shit
i was fuckin
u fuckun nignog
or smth
i thpught he was gonna be there till like 9
spook me like that
milo dont fuckin
lol
w h a t
im gonna play some fuckin absolver for 30 mins and ignore any messages from now until 7
first time in a while that i’ve been home exactly when i say i will
ok im home
prob free by 6:30
then i’ve got a little bit of shit to do
im leaving work in a bit
ok
all because hansa didn't answer your questions to the fullest with everything he'd just learned.
or don't like playing my boi hansa?
are people thinking that i don't like hansa?
i don't remember what he sounds like tbh
that shit's good
i'll make you some fucking pasta aglio
doesn't scale like that 
would you say you're allergic
plantains don't even look like bananas
no he's right
when it's got sweet sauces it's awful
you don't have enough taste buds dude
at least the times i've tried it
green curry isn't usually that spicy
but she's not a person
don't believe everything you read on the internet milo
that's yellow
it's definitely predominantly yellow
who's to say that wolfgang puck doesn't pay critics to come to his restaurant
a mcdonalds burger doesn't cost 60 bucks
mcdonalds doesn't need reviews to get its customers
they're not spending more than 20 cents per plate on vegetables
indian food isn't about the meat
well that already sounds like it's gonna be shitty
that's
here's the thing tho
i should have just said "separate things"
and you can have cheap food that's good
because it's possible to eat good fucking food at any social standing
it's just bullshit
that's why i hate all black people equally until proven worthy of not being hated
it's not
it's also pretty fuckin expensive
but that one's wayyy more hippie than whole foods is
steak im okay with, but like i honestly don't like doing it
wait it's only 6
and he's on page 5
cause he's writing an essay
if i don't say anything it means it's probably not good
if jett doesn't say anything about it it means he's probably good with it
HE FUCKING SAID HE'S DOWN FOR FRIDAY AT 7
[5/30/2018 5:58:19 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: yea he can&lt;&lt;&lt;
[5/30/2018 5:05:54 PM] Kappa Pride: except &lt;&lt;&lt;
im down to stay up till at least 5 on friday
then tell her to fuck off
r u getting paid?
so those times work pretty fucking well eh?
eric said friday at 7 right?
yea he can
lets do friday???
then
wtf you leave on sat?
due tomorrow?
10 pages
im not sure if i can make 5
6
sat afternoon,
helped, ez
???
in his car
he picks her up
for any of those days
so im good
i work morning shifts all weekend
lul
why not today?
its pretty simple to assume im not ready
and i dont respond
if you guys ask me if im ready 30 minutes ahead of time
so just saying
when's ur birthday, fucker?
which isn't bad on a non-school day.
which meant i'd be home by like 9
it's just monday
no it's not
i meant to ask milo how old he's turning.
YO WHAT'S GOOD MY NIGGUH?
dont at me nig
fuck you you’re in 2 campaigns at once
because giving you ammunition is never a good idea eric
but im not gonna let you see it
yeah i know
imma make the chat history available and add jett
i said some pretty gay shit, theres prime roast material in there
u wanna read the chat, tho? its cancerous and gay
mb my guy
right that was before you were added
O
cause i fuckin started a whole chat with all you bibbas for the sole purpose of telling everyone that they gotta confirm things in this chat so we all know whats up
*caps
im only raging in all chat
aight aight
IN CHAT MY DUDE
WELL THEN WHY NOT JUST SAY SO
and i didnt even realize
fuckin auto answer
skype
Yum!
its got some nice spice
monday between 5 and 6, when parsa's ready
i’m gonna roll lmao
cause my hair was a bird’s nest
and getting a haircut and shit
im coming back from work
i’m gonna role lmao
You rebel
What does?
that was a skype auto answer
Can you really?
back from when we thought we’d start lvl 3
lul
i already have em
this is dank
luckily i don't play dnd to win or anything
that's why it's #2 and syl returning is #3
dalinar's politics were better
dalinar's intro was the second best
of the 17 i've read
i'll believe you
i don't give half a shit about shallan, which makes it hard to get through those chapters
but because it's not paced i have to do the pacing myself
you don't get to see how characters change and grow when shit is going on all the time
keeping track of the little events that are happening when it's just unimportant nonsense is what makes it not boring
there's just too much shit going on in the stormlight books for me
it's called the name of the wind
the book isn't called kingkiller chronicles
a book doesn't need big important shit to happen all the time
coming from the guy who finished name of the wind and the wise man's fear in 4 days
except it'd be more like
like how i'm gonna be when i finish oathbringer and the next book hasn't come out yet?
like how i'm gonna be when i finish oathbringer and the next book hasn't come out yet&gt;
it's overrated
it wasn't
and it'll be awesome
they're gonna stuff like
but there's more than enough time left
up until then they're gonna focus on group dynamics and getting back edgelord and kokoro's memories back
they'll save that for the last two episodes
that's lazy writing
they can't just do shit out of the blue
there's still more show left
when 02 wants to have a threeway with her and hiro, then she'll be the most popular
like in terms of the show yeah, she's tied with kokoro.
like in terms of the show yeah, she's tied for kokoro.
ichigo's flaws are her attachment to hiro, she gets overly jealous, she lies, she's weak, she makes bad decisions, she's short, tittyless, and she cucks the shows biggest bro.
that's about it though
she'd probably have an empathy score of like 2 or three
she's badass
rey's running around
heath ledger's joker
you know who's weak
and we're gonna talk about fucking anime tiddies while you watch
but now that's over
those aren't qualities of maturity
she doesn't use that information at all
just cause she knows more about sex and shit doesn't mean she's more mature
it's like fucking a kid that has the body of an adult so it's legal
oh my god i just realized why she's everyone's waifu
no miku's gay
zorome's development got me impressed
thats cause the 9s aren't characters
cancer couldn't be cute
cause he's a beta
goro's a big cuck as well
so it doesn't matter
this scene doesn't happen in the show
&gt;paired up with a fat beta white knight cuck 
idk where you're getting the idea that she's dependent on him
it's still technically blocked
if you draw a vag in there you can't sell shit to like 13 year olds
but there isn't rly any of that on mangas
the show doesn't have any cause of censoring and shit.
like you know she tried to keep zero two out not because she's dangerous, but cause she's fuckin jealous as fuck
but that's the problem with going for a character who's whole shpiel is that she isn't human, but really really wants to be one for i don't know what reason.
that you aren't gonna be able to climb out of
stop saying things you're digging a hole here
aren't you the "flat is justice" guy?
crying bitches aren't hot
next time she puts it down she's gotta not be crying
then ichigo's eyes could have turned into hearts and it would have been legal
yeah, cause she's a slut
no she doesn't
yeah but the development didn't do anything aside from show why she's a slutty waifu who calls hiro darling
killing shit doesn't make zero two less one dimensional
there's no evidence to back up any claims
pretty sure they're just people who got dinosaur aids injections
cause they don't have any development
and they aren't even a good execution of it
they're the stereotypical evil counterpart team
naw he's a beta chasing anime tiddies
the show's wrong
that's cause the show pairs them
REEEEEEEEE
i’m a fiend and dnd is my crack
rescheduling gay
fuck that shit
heres the deal
but i dont think you guys are up for that
personally i could stay up until 5 playing some dnd sunday night, i dont give a fuck
i dont know for sure what will be good
if it comes to it i can try and uber home sun night and see what’s good but :/
part of the problem was that there are no busses that late
was cancerous 
didnt get home until 12:30 last night
yeah
dont do it
also having a job is cancer
everybody and their fucking mothers always wants me to do shit
idfk
quadruple gay
bruh i would but i gotta buy fucking shirts
better yet, dont go back, fuck school
who gives a shit about missing one day
tbh just go back tuesday tho
^
for some fuckin reason
sundays are 7 hrs
all my other shifts are 3-4 hours
i said hopefully
ok, then sunday it is
oof
i mean in the first talks i did say i work at 4 on sunday
quite gay
or monday maybe
i’d like to propose we do dnd on thursday or something
and this sunday i work at the same time
yesterday i got hone from work after 12
so
thats it
and item weights
its good for items
nothing
no spells, no monsters
generally only has 1 subclass per class. doesnt have any variant races
barely has basic rules
its got jack shit in it
so who cares
anyway
dragging from compendium gay
yes :(
that shit'd be hype
good
nice
ok
the earliest i see myself being home is like
idk
about tomorrow
what the fuck are you talking about you fucking autist shitbag
thanks
but all this campaign scheduling is for next week, right?
call me retarded
okay so
why are there so few and why are they never on time?
that shits cancer
i need to take 2 busses to get to work, but if the first one is 6 minutes late, it doesnt matter if i leave ab hour and a half early, im not getting to work on time
i want to stab this driver
i know
this is fucking cancer
all the busses are late as fuck and now i need to take an uber to work
i mean shit
cause he got the name professor singed
at least thats what i’ve seen of the dude in his videos
ints top and wins lane anyway
singed is cancer
and im on my phone
my fingers are too fat
my hand isnt even near the call button
fuck me, dude
that would have been so lit for anjing
the cantrip is new tho
eladrin got fey step in 3.5e too i think
“lord of greed”
vruh idk it just sounds cool
and mammon tieflings were the ones whose name i liked the most
mfw eao is just a mammon tiefling
its those dirty gith fuckers
naw its gith
oh hell yea
since like, there are a shit ton of features aside from horns that tieflings may or may not have
tiefling diversity is highly appreciated
no
?
unless its like already been out for a hot minute 
it might be a few days before you find a pdf you can pirate
oh fuck, nice
alright
i mean
if he cares about the big fuck up
im asking eric
i must have just added it as a "fuck it," since i got both medicine and religion for free from my background
it's not from my background either
that i had proficiency in perception 
and i forgot
ive got 16 wis
no
lul
16 wis
oh
monk bullshit
O O F
i’ve got 15
yeah thats me
naw
14 wis makes up for it
 hansa’s dick shit at most of this stuff too
force me to take the keen mind feat or smth
but i wanna do it anyway
 hansa’s dick shit at most of this stuff top
you’ll actually be able to use that
you’ll actually be able to do that
oh dope
and then like, the tracker is navigating 
yea i figure we wouldn’t be tracking unless theres something we need to track
oof
cool
yeah
*traveling
and we each get one duty while travelling?
i want to die of dysentery 
oh yes
 yes
it gives you all your daily necessities 
there you go
still gay af tho
dumb spell for plebs
delete goodberry
yea no
whoops
*ranger
why is there a spell that invalidates the hunter’s entire class
it makes too much
its still remarkably gay
no
too good of a spell
fuck goodberry
ik
food and water and exhaustion and shit
and survival
lets cover shit like terrain
plz
difficult
yes
if you don't have a female then you're not going
does jett have a thicc bih he's bringing?
and that's the earliest i get home this entire weekend
which means i don't get home until at least 7
he's a piece of shit
last night's session
is my excuse
traffic
but
i just said how much longer
i didnt make an excuse
5 mins or less
like
ok
s... ame?
nice
is that a goku black joke?
call me whole foods
will be like 15 mins late
tryna get home as fast as possible, but
im fuckin
5 is much better
idk if i can do 4 for sure
that was the dumbest way to say that
yeah
???
5ish?
later
it wasn't put here
i didn't know we had agreed on any date
personally i want today
my work schedule is nonexistent but i’ve got shit to do on sunday
camp pain when?
alright
ye
yea same tbh
if the need arises
i too can run minis
milo wanted to wait at least two more weeks i was told
pretty sure
so i bumped it
jett pushed a bunch of old chats up by leaving like 50 at once
yeah it's a pretty good time
we're only level 1.5
yeah that's true
you'd
i didn't think
dope, milo
im just asking cause i've never seen actual joints that big, unless they were like bought in a weed store, but you could roll a fucking monster blunt any day
actually, did you guys roll it yourself?
no the fuck it's not lol
i didn't say a super blunt
you've got 1 hour to drink as much water as possible lmao
sounds good
5:30
im a monk
do whatever man
instead of a fighter?
oathbreaker paladin
or everyone
are youuu asking eric?
absolver&gt;league
r i p
for some reason
i didnt type that
no
wait
Sounds good to me
i’ll request to swap to a day shift on sat
lul
we give the two of them lvl 1 characters
milo can you play from matthew and tenn’s?
dnd on 420 sounds lit
to work
i’ll call in dead
ik
milo you get litty?
so friday or saturday
wait sunday im busy
which would be dope
i might have a morning shift on saturday too
 and sunday
thurs or fri?
2
oh aight
i started walking my dogs 5 mins ago :/
you're gonna lose?
clash ghey
so when's the clash shit over?
i can
lmfao
not tomorrow
no
I can.
1 hour?
miles and parsa
k
yes
we do the lilith fight
tomorrow, some time between 5 and 6
dragon balls “D”
sakura yuan-ti
yall bibbas should do the oneshot that's a good idea
i know
yeah
and she’s taking me camping in like sequoia 
i just found out today
my mom’s coming
oh my 
its not an ideal scenario
yeah i know that too
yeah i know that
basically only free tomorrow
im
also
i still havent read ai’s but i can do that tonight
this iphone auto message thing is killing mr
yoinks
Probably never
gotchya
no evil shit
so
makes sense
yea
dope
what about a solid day of soul melting in the deepest layer of hell?
i see
i guess i've got some fuckin work to do after we kill lilith
honestly i didn't see a way where getting to end up in the jade gardens would have been a bad thing
im assuming that doesn't mean i can bring people back to life
she's got nothing
at this point Lyreth wouldn't really care
he couldn't reach her cause she was a goddess
i didn't even consider that
if fanvara's baby was born before fanvara became the Huntress, then its not like the baby is a demigod or anything
i mean i guess it's only in a technical sense in that case
i just don't know my dnd lore that well i guess
so Lyreth was just the literal descendent of a goddess and i didn't know
it literally says "I am Anyeira."
milo you're fucking retarded
i just didn't comprehend all of it
i wasuted earlirr
im havin issues connecting
refreshing
sure
*ah
ab
heading back to school on sun?
but i can make both
thurs
ok
at least sat night
im not good on saturday
or thurs lmao
ill be caster
ok
i can if nobody wants to
gemi gay
ew
yea
6-7
sorry
this is 5-6 sessions from now
this is pretty much always true
so... eh.
but Lyreth is a simple girl of simple pleasures
i’d be all about empire building
if i had yew
oh
we could do some monster hunting i guess
bringing them back in full force is similarly gay
thats kinda gay
kill all the gods?
what sort of epic stuff?
well lets do that then
i see
oh ok
ye understandable
you tossed us on the new continent and like that was the best bargaining chip we had in any scenereo
it doesnt seem like there was anything in the way of that?
but like
i so like i sorta get how lilith was supposed to be the finale
oh hell yea
im more attached to the story of yew and lyreth’s involvement than i am the characters themselves
as far as attachment
ye i cant say just yet
got work
cant
i cant say im insanely attached, but by lvl 20 i probably will be
fuck you man i like both ideas
but that's too badass
fk it just call em
well i can start soon if we need to i guess
ye
oh, damb
milo’s gotta go at 6?
the problem is that im waiting for them to call me and let me know she’s ready
not too long
pretty dope
i see
i think you need the membership to use the mobile
not sure about that part
i do
ye
the subscription version cones with it
i can try that
i can use r20 on mobile
actually
i’ll do my best to be there then
ok
you can start w/o me and fill me in
ahh
i’ve gotta pick up my dog from the groomer’s somewhere between 3 and 4, but when i get home from that i’ll be free
wrong chat fuck
I thought so
i was just meming anyway
lul
campaign tomorrow?
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Sekane's D
ya boy ready
i can't sat at all
ancilus when?
im tired af
didnt even realize i sent that
i
i didn't need to see that eric
but you didn't type that
it'll have nothing on
cause it'll have nothing on
don't make who's rook into a meme
(noworries)
they are
good question
B R I N N E R ?
the name that isn't gelanthriel?
yo eric what was that knight dude who was travelling with Lyreth's name?
lets dab upon all the downsies to prove our superiority
lets down upon all the downsies to prove our superiority
that's cool man
you're not a downsie?
and if you're not we'll do it tonight and fill parsa in later
https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1c4oAsOdWefmGH3JG47wfb90aK8nJT_BPicdMz2cYi2w/edit?usp=sharing
https://www.docs.google.com/drawings/d/1c4oAsOdWefmGH3JG47wfb90aK8nJT_BPicdMz2cYi2w/edit?usp=sharing
https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1c4oAsOdWefmGH3JG47wfb90aK8nJT_BPicdMz2cYi2w/edit?usp=sharing
im not fucking with this one’s schedule
no
he just doesn't have a dick anymore
resistant to everything but psychic, omegalul
could still fuck you up though
lul yea, yew’s a bitch
shoulda known better than to fucks with sweetyew pravaal
now niggas are gonna die for his sins
well
yea
just hiding
for all you know yew has like an inny-outie
or my not-dick who even knows anymore
succ my dicc
yew’s ovaries are in a major twist over this, fuck you
that bitch ass is dead next time i see him
look at it this way
and that bitch nigga had the gall to send me home
its just cause we put him up there
except they didnt
yea his gigantic fuckin flaming gayness
like shitty carius
worth doesnt mean shit if he’s not lucky
ik
logic dictates gemi is a more worthy emperor
carius could not have done it without gemi at any point
fuck you and fuck this punk bitch too
that green patch there
that’s my rating of
thoroughly unimpressive, but not without potential
6/10
if you're not a bitch you have one version. and you don't compromise
if you're a bitch
you're the fucking ultrabitch now
didn't we say what'd happen if you changed it?
but we're not even going there
like i mean it's cool and all
why'd you make that map tho?
it can't walk or fly
so now you're stuck with it
if you get rid of it you're a fucking ultrabitch btw
it's good tho
2 many powerful good forces on this continent. not enough bad
11/10 would beat that dick like a cello
well everyone's on roll 20
are my lads approaching readiness?
i can't make 1
the other racials were what made it op
lul your character sucks then
i forgot that
oh
milo
though
you dont keep your aasimar stats
and 0 negatives
cause theres so many plusses
tbh playing as an eladrin isnt even all that fun
yea i see what ur saying miles
good point
and he's not going to know
this is yew's understanding of what happened
you just cant say it's good
it's okay to be bad
no he said that genocide is bad. not that it's not okay
it's wednesday lul
lmao
yeah
aight
oh
in 4e i think
its a player race
oh if yew is an eladrin now do i get fey step?
back now sorr
yes
means a ton bro
ok then, ty
there’s plusses and minuses to everything
eh
just for when i dm a campaign 
i almost wanna buy one of the subscriptions too tho
i see

 how’d you get it?
cool
i’m not home and i need to walk and feed dogs before i can do anything
any way we can push it back to 5:30?
k
naw
naw nigga
What the FUCK is that mustache 
ladies everywhere
and boom
im just gonna buy a long sleeved shirt
one day
townswemen upon meeting yew pravaal
“i need his autograph on my ovaries”
“wow so brave”
shadow gemi standing still just dealing massive damage
LUL
niggay
fuck you gaynigger
that cant play
only bibbers
nope
it rly does
that gif
kappa
for science
cheqir's mom is definitely not big gay
me too thanks
it's canon now
and give to me
pravaal doesn't even use arcane spells
yea man
idk summoning tyler 1 is also definitely not something i could see cheqir doing
and not "the caster"
that's the only scenereo where it'd fuck you up rly
cause you're not playing the game alone
yea but this is assuming you're not solo
so you'll never summon anything that's a threat to yourself
yea and assuming you're playing dnd you're not gonna be alone
considering at that point you're like lvl 17
that's pretty gay
im of the opinions that greater demons can be more creative than "oh we're free yes lets kill"
that's lesser and like middle tier demons
they're not mindless
why's it gotta just start combat
that's pretty dumb
i don't like that the demon is like compelled to attack any non demons after you fail the charisma check
especially if you're going for a necromancer
that's the best list for spells
r20 compendium is trasssshhh
i did cause i wasn't hearing anything
and we’ll have a new servant’s head on the mantlepiece at around the same time
we’ll have a new head servant within the week
its fine
or do you have to spell everything out for him?
he should have had room for rugs
i gave this nigga 9000
hundreds
and buy some fucking rugs
someone will sell a stupid 2000 gp couch
yes
and cut off his fucking head
tell them how retarded this man is
we gather the workers
yes
and we have rope
we have boxes
we have swords
yes we can
he doesnt deserve life
no we have him publicly fucking executed
you said that he’d make our house look like the house of the dude who lost his sword
its home furnishings
yea no thats bullshit, nobody would be that retarded to not include rugs and plants as furniture
its there
dont fuck with me
and PLANTS?
i get the lack of art but RUGS????
what the fuck i asked him to dress it up not just buy furniture 
so im now on record of having called it
me too, im just calling it ahead of time
sorry we wuz kangs
when we inevitably get cast out of the country, we can legitimately say we was kangs n shiet
like it fucked up
nah he’ll blame the furniture
lmfao
NIGGERS
THIS IS WHY YOU DROP 9000 ON DECOR
SEE
actually idk
it depends
thats fine
like if by long dungeon crawl you mean very spread out combat scenereo, then no
imo
it depends on how you do it
i didn't realize that
don't dragonborn have long mouths?
but don't they like have faces?
that's not our fault
unless we've met a bunch in disguise or some shit
cause if that's the case say no like wtf
i'd say you ought to tell us the race of a dude who's speaking to us, if it's very clearly not human
that's what we were asking
what the fuck? they're literal people shaped dragons
[2/10/2018 12:55:44 PM] [B]iles: sells crack&lt;&lt;&lt;
need to restart my computer real quick tho
i am
good store tho
trader joes
lul
its not like a flu
yea im fine
just that you do
so it doesnt matter when you show up
well good thing i’m sick as fuck and dying on the inside
then he's not back
if he's not getting these
so we're not starting for a bit?
there's no depth or anything and it looks weird as fuck cause of that
but the tattoo in the picture wouldn't be so shitty if it was real
looks like eric cant get what he wants
rip
lmao
lul
your age
or
i mean yeah at our age sure
thats surprising
really?
yea but you dont work there do you?
*sense
yeah that makes sende
in asia
thats the second most retarded thing i’ve ever heard
naw
still scary
covered in flower tattoos?
like a swole as fuck yakuza member
if you’re hard enough you can make it work
das a little gay
not so much the waves tho
you can get the dragon or the fish as a guy
tf
understandable 
i see
you just have to get a tattoo that isnt gay
you dont need to be a woman to get an elaborate tattoo
what?
thats what id do if i wasnt trying to save up to move out
just get one yourself
ive never been a fan of that shit
she’s got the really heavy jaw line thing though
a little
i cant type on my phone
yea see
but like for instance if she died her hair red they’d be the same oerson
but like the facial structure and the fact that they both probably take it up the ass three at a time ya feel?
naw i dont mean the edgy art shit the girl i know is more of a slightly slutty normie, 
that girl looks like someone i know
on another note
thats suitably creepy
nice
does it move?
yea i getchya
it cuts over half the necklace
and was made on a computer
only that isnt a tattoo
only that isnt a tatto
or mostly
yea im better now
so im free all day
so im not going to work
i just threw up like six times
okay
ancilus tomorrow 12 pm? or nah
use these ez ones
better maps
yes
yea
or draw a line across streets
and i mean we’d just put a circle
i like knowing where things are
well yea
i like how stylized this one is
i disagree
tf
looks like it took longer to make though
50 x bettet
you can actually mark streets and locations
20x better
better
fair
okay
so
wtf
also gemi is swole?
what is this for?
kms
and adidas
yakult
crayola
double cr double xp
lmfao
perfect
lmfao
i hope yall are ready
with quad disadvantage
im rolling for em
its true
and it only gets realer the deeper the purple is
parsa is right
wait wtf janet was photoshopped into there?
disgusting fake blond
its also
i just said 2
no
thats parsa’s number
2
ah
so i just have to nod and say sure
i actually don’t recognize anyone in that picture sans lily and poki
fed&gt;toast
he’s trash
lmao
[2/5/2018 1:06:38 AM] flatisjustice: but at least its the right shade&lt;&lt;&lt;
[2/5/2018 1:06:38 AM] flatisjustice: but at least its the right shade&lt;&lt;&lt;
i don't know what she is
[2/5/2018 12:52:14 AM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: i was basing it solely off looks&lt;&lt;&lt;
lily's better
not who's better
but you asked who's hotter
but she's also a low-tier streamer
its more the picture's fault than her own
don't try to argue that that's not a bad picture
but she doesn't
i mean if she had different hair she'd probably win
lily's hairstyle is like
and janet's a little hotter than lily
who's yours, poki?
you're wrong
yea no janet's hotter than her too
i still don't know what the other fuckin bitch is
don't say leslie
but janet's hotter than both easily
they're all thots
it's just what it reminds me of
which isn't bad
it's like the equivalent of chopping at that point
it doesn't work vs armored opponents
you couldn't
it's just not gonna happen
if you're stabbing you're not pushing past those big spikes
the point of barbs are that they're hard to pull out
that's different
and then you've got the fact that skin is
shouldn't serrations make it easier to pull out of someone? like not these cause they're too big, but like compare cutting yourself with a bread knife to a flat edged steak knife
looks like it
that's how you win
because you spammed "niggers arent people"
it's not 12:00 am yet
wait that's fucking hilarious eric
and parsa's gonna let him live it down
im just surprised that i didn't notice
i've been using like 2-3 of my first level spells over the 3 days
tru
well 3 on
yea tomorrow post 3
we’re doing next monday morning
no
you aren't
her 2nd cousin’s birthday or smth
with some of me family
my aunt made me go to this dinner thing
but the scaling looks like it sucks dick
weird cause its broken as hell in early levels
this witcher class is like
so i can't select it to have the sheet automatically fill shit out
Roll20 doesn't have psion in it's shit
you don't have to do anything
spells rly only do psychic and force damage
very limited in spells
hybrid
ik it is
redesigned to fit 5e
from 4e i think
expamded realms
yes
can i go psion?
eric
kenku wizard?
k
who’s playing what?
damn im not at home rn
but lvl 3 you’re just coming into whatever class you are
too nobodyish
lvl 1 is like
i like either lvl 8 or lvl 3
milo r u gonna have a character?
o
sure
oh
then dont bring it up
if you’re running it without milo, jett, david, diego etc
but yall nibbas have bigass mouths
sure
k
go for it
that wont leave anyone behind
if you can manage a more drop-in-drop out group of players
do what you can manage my dude
ok
im askin
are you dm?
ok
are you dm?
i like the map, the idea’s pretty good
the map and the idea?
what do you think
i see
o you told parsa too?
i’ll spam him
cancer
i mean w/e im close as fuck now
tf wjy?
i dont try to hide it
wtf did i just say
tf
bitch you schweet
am i flexing? yes.
bought a motorcycle earlier today and had to get it off my dads truck
yuh i’ll be home in half an hour
oeuf
*am late
start w/o me
im gonna be late
you fiend
5 day weekend
oh fuck
so i can have days off
im still in the spiraling out of control phase 
nah
i am
and you’re an easier target than leon. i can’t make any promises 
well we don’t like each other anymore
i want to kill him
were gonna kill ahn right?
ex dee
while you were out having sex with lots and lots of women i was studying the blade
try me, motherfucker
im bored
lmfao
just goes to show the struggle is real &amp; we out here hussling, can i get 10000 likes every like goes toward the hospital bill.
real sor, vros
hey guys, i was walking down one of the shadier streets near my house and i got shot so now i can’t play DnD
and est
central time
7:30 and 8:30
oh lmao
so you dont have to stay up till 3-4
unless you want to go earlier is all
theyre dead
nope
im getting home like rn
or earlier
i am
i want to go south, but i’ll go north if team needs to
i want to go south, but i’ll go north if team needs to
cool
And what is it?
run and hide
eat a dick, lucky fucker
parsa’s lucky, gets to keep his record of never missing a session
right right
fuck tmorrow then
sweet
one of the idiots at my job broke his fucking hand and i have to take the late shift for him
i can’t make tomorrow
was an int caster
i had shit perception
cant find the page for it
which was pretty unbalanced tbh
like a warmage but a psion instead
he was a psion warcaster
and even if i did, could yew have possibly stood up to cheqir in that department?
not to you guys
antagonizing to npc’s yeah
he wasn’t psychotic yet, but he definitely wasnt allll the way there, by the end though. yeah
if you were a lvl 5 fighter you'd be even better, but that's a pretty big investment
her thot-ness is currently revoked. so there's no need to bring her back and let her breathe again
Lyreth's a thot though
i'd be very down for reviving Gemi Chance
yeah well i didn't think about that part
the statement wasn't about how she is now, it was that leon didn't have to make a deal with white eyes to get her soul back, to resurrect, and instead could have just had neirya do it
well she wouldn't have been
*worthy
1000 magic items stuffed into one vaguely human shaped ball of womanflesh ought to be wprthy enough 
but we wouldnt have learned about vilya the rose as easily
instead of dealing with devils
u coulda just brought back what’s her face with the sword
also looks like you played urself leon
except we don’t know who that is hahaaa
cause that pc was op
then bring back letho of gullet
bring back gemi, pravaal and lyreth
ofc she was she made the stupid thing
thats the dumbest shit i’ve ever heard
what the fuck
dont bring back lilith
sweetyew pravaal 2, the reckoning
i’d be okay with that
lmao
omega fucking lul
its not t even leon’s choice?
 lul assuming leon is gonna give our psychotic asses that buff

so she hasn’t yet attributed it to izoldi because cio is a scientist first and foremost and something that utterly ridiculous requires further testing
the shadow stabbing in the back thing was worrying but cio still hasn’t told anyone about that
0 recollection of that happening
yea thats a 10/10
kai, white eyes, and all those dickhead elves aint shit compared to that fucking nightmare
Cio’ll probably put her lot in with that guy
also js with a picture like that for izoldi
okay
if he was also a character in ancilus
no i didn’t forget him just wasnt 100%
multiverse confirmed
lul
was it your character from milo’s campaign?
i remember that name
who was vix’elin
ha
white eyes is a good guy
yea
no he already gave me the stuff for it
which soul?
huh?
nobody called so i figured we hadn't started
gimme like 2 mins to finish making my spaghetti tho
yea
much more laid back
just in case
already do
honestly more of an asshole than i’d originally intended
haha yea
ah ic
im good from 6 on
like
ay i can start earlier than 8 if we’re down
well the bet was either he hooks up with ai or he's gay
that's what you meant?
but he's an aasimar
feels troll man. I can see Vilde and Letho either dying or fucking off to the jade gardens, but Lyreth woulda hung around until the end when all the elves got royally fucked over
lmfao
GRAND ASTROLOGIST OF THE STARLIGHT COLLECTIVE
 HOLY SHIT
LOL
that's why i got the backup character prepped
i wouldn't be surprised if we woke up one morning after a long fight, and leon had coup de graced all of us.
she can only make so many racist comments about eldorn before she gets bored of that, and aside from that she can't find anything really wrong with him
you're easiest. currently
but that one's not true
actually she's first and foremost a liar
which isn't bad
chat isn't filled with rees is it?
nobody's blaming you
inside she copies buddy and barks when he does
cleo doesnt act up at all outside
if thats what it fucking takes
just train that thing, socialize it so it isnt a psychotic little asshole
and the dumb bitch owner dropped her phone trying to pull them back
i was walking home and these two little shits started running up on cleo and biting at her
i dont get how people have dogs that are so out of control
i already did it
youre late
ok
im just waiting for eric to call tbh
rip
and i was gonna be 30 mins early
oof
saturday then
cant have jett
just
i do want to bring it back
that level
what level do you want?
im at work till 7
usual time
a lotta places have fake kobe or wagyu
was it real kobe there?
lul
regular sword and board shit
or just
come up with a character. Everyone brings a powder gun. Flintlocks, muskets w/ bayonets, rifles etc.
yuh
itd give me something to think about while at work since today is a fucking slogfest for some reason
not of eric’s thing but a oneshot
i could run a session
maybe
or
n o p e
sf is way better than la
just that there are traps round every corner
i didnt ever say i hated sf
and my mom
say hi to all the gays
oh oof
^yuh
anyway, i'm not at my dad's anymore. and don't have anything else in the concievable future. i shouldn't have any problems making it to sessions anymore.
?oh wait wtf it probably finally managed to send today
my internet was fucking up
i couldnt send other messages anyway
and i'm done
i was done by 8:30, but the router at my dad’s is fucking up and I can’t find it to fix the damn thing
Flm
LUL
that shouldnt last more than an hour
an inescapable family event
im in the middle of
atlas join
lul
i should be good
uhhhhhhh
hows it goin everybody?
UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
So uhhhhhhh
ur gay
no
homosexuals
for
its a homosexual game
hearthstone gay tho
gimme 2 mins
gotta get up the elevator 
im not the callpus heartless fuck bastard i pretend to be, especially when it comes to dogs
listen man i couldnt tell that dog no
naw more like 5
well
im like 15 mins away
and yea but im walking my dog
get my headphones
lemme
free daycare
you can put your baby in it
Nice
so everything else is on hold
i saving for a motorcycle, sadly
yeh
something fierce
mine is
oh thats nice
hopefully urs is good tho
even on consoles it sucks
for like single player games its great, but competitive things it hurts
tvs have pretty bad screen lag like 80% of the time
u got a monitor for your shit?
oh yo atlas
 and eric is now out getting food
and then eric said yuh
[1534041425] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: alright imma need you to give me till 8:30

&lt;&lt;&lt;  
just 730 tho?
ohh ok
o ok
get an SSD
hard drive?
:0
just use whatever ur using now for the two weeks
nothing
uh
rip
thats marginally more interesting than nothing
maybe a blue screen
ur not gonna be able to look at shit lmao
whoops
cpu
you dont have integrated graphics on your gpu
nvm no
you dont have integrated
o wait
yeh
because i dont have a graphics card
i would know
then yes
things othere than formless blobs and triangles
if you want your games to look like
this here is some funny shit
and i won’t stand for it
[1534037571] Eric Huang: yea put out on the bed

&lt;&lt;&lt;  this statement is vastly underrated
aside from then
He he
when have I ever been wrong about when i’ll get home?
yea
my replacement guy is late
alright imma need you to give me till 8:30
i tell the truth so much you can’t tell when i lie
its the opposite 
not the boy who cried wolf
that’s actually 
i was just memeing holy shit
yo so is the thing tonight?
fair enough
damb
you went with that one
wat
lmaoo
me
not
same
*situation wtf
cant quite refute thst considering the conversation 
i
oof
just start
smd i cant
its on the trendy side
loose italian
the food is like
and yes lmao
yes
no gjelinda
so you dont wait
you need to get a reservation l
yea
it’s gjelinda
well
it is
as long as he doesnt argue with himself
parsa can play cio
until
yall can start i just prob won’t be back by 9
but my mom and i are at dinner
so we wouldnt have to go late
i wanted to start early
so i think im gonna be like an hour late, pls just start
atlas is the reasonable one tho
ofc i did
???
soul collection
your ac is retarded lol
lmao prob not
or
mean
itd be 2v1
i meab
you mean oh devil
what u mean o god
could you be sky williams?
technically you’re a little black too
🤔
fat and gay 
youre gay so w/e
tryna see if everyone responds immediately lmao
yes
you guys go without me
actually nvm im unavailable tonight
for our nibbas on the east coast 
i wad just gonna say that since im off and don’t have to work at 2, lets go early
saturday
you know what i meant :/
shut the fuck up faggot
.
it was because my mom is coming to LA tmrw
just got someone to cover my shift
i have the day off tomorrow 
no waaaaaaay
there was????
looks way better
there wasnt any pink on the guard or handle in the original
good times with that weapon
nierya
i’ll take it
rly
same
the rose?
not vilya
nierya?
alright what happened
cio’s been sick in the cart or smth
don’t fill me in until next session
sounds like you guys had a good session
that hangover shit was a joke though. drink responsibly fellas
No you stop
i’ll touch the shit outta those guys
i fucking will
fuck offa me
i’ve been hungover for 2 straight days
i been workibg at my padre’s bar 
get that money for that booze more like
and am
i did
all at age 12
right and the head of his church
what else was it
then my ptsd of trying to run a homebrew campaign with jett kicked in
i was gonna originally say -5, but then i thought, “that’s not balanced”
all it does is give you a flat -1 cha when held
can we give parsa the staff of fire and vitriol
thank god
and now i gotta work weird ass hours
its usually fine, but we’ve got some bigass party who bought out the place
or 11:30
and i can hop on at like 12
i mean u guys can do 8 today
im fucking not
shit, i'd call someone out on it
cause they're assholes
especially since i've been there four times since then, very not traumatized
that'd work if that shootout had been like tomorrow, rather than a week ago.
i'm not :/
cucked again by heinous evil magic
well no, he just got heal ed magically before i could do it the right way
i didnt get to amputate his legs!!
oh shit you did
cmon bruh
cause we didnt chloroform the orphans
why?
imma be honest, last session sucked balls
that i am a fucking god at predicting my schedule
i’d like to let it be known
will probably be there by 7:45 like i said i would three days ago
im nearly home
alright, next time then
fuckin i cant be walking around out there with my hoodie. a black man with a hoodie in 90 degree weather, they’ll shoot me twenty times before i can say “wait!”
but i do know that theres at least 50 cop cars out front
and idk how long that shit’ll last
and now theres a fuckton of traffic
there’s a shooter at the trader joes down the street from my job
idk if i’ll be on time
or should i pretend to be black when i'm the literal furthest thing?
several variations on what "pulling a jett" looks like
what's he studying there?
so i don't read most of the things he says
his taste in music is bad enough that i can't trust his taste in anything
so just changing peoples skype names and not saying anything doesn't mean anything
technically it's not a roast unless you tell people
that's fair
when i say if im not retarded, i mean if i put in the order for my dinner at like 6:30 so it's done right when its time for me to leave.
a. fuck you suck my dick.    b. i can't leave until my shift is over and the next guy is there to take over, because if i leave before that, then the restaurant goes to shit and everybody gets fucked because all the customers have a bad time and don't tip.
which means if im not retarded i can be home by 7:45
it says the next dude comes at 7
we good
boy
suck my balls
that's never a thing
. 3
if possible
sun
ye
lvl 5 and shopping
kill that shriveled dick right off
yeah
im gonna kill his dick off
fuck that old man
im not
im jk
or ur a pussy
dont pick average
you can take a feat that buffs your stats
dw bout it combat gets hard
broken ik
ye
instead of two stats or a feat
you get one stat and one feat
when you reach lvl 4 and add stats
also
ok
also
oh ok
okok
we didnt get paid
idk
and
no
no
swear to god
you better not change your name back to Loli Futa Trap btw
understandable
you’re a poor boy
you are poor
im black?
whats the irony?
ADD DUAL TWIN and call him a nigger
YEA
not nearly as bad as Loli Futa Trap
jesus christ that name is still grating
or 8 if you’re doing it with someone else
thats basically holding 9 people hostage
inting
its punished harder than fucking
LMAO
most are cooler
diamonds are pretty boring stones tho
ruby is cooler than diamond
now i’ll never be gold
fml
yeah
lmao
at least you arent a silver shitlord
ye
you only play norms
so who cares
i mean you dont play ranked
alll those times i’ve called you hardstuck d5 i was fucking right?
waitwaitwait
yeah
milo lul
is that what that stands for?
i dont know what that stands for
hmm
flex que or 3v3s maybe
i dont believe you
i
idk
like flash into an ezreal ult
godlike reactions where you do the exact wrong thing
both
i just have the mechanics of a monkey on lsd
lmao
if it isn’t intentional 
its not intong
you play league my guy?
 y e a h, thats why im an advocate for earlier
i just got off work 20 seconds sgo
and idfk
im on the other side of the dam city
wtf
i thought 8 
was it 9?
if its not like w/e
but only if possible
a 9 pm start is way more manageable than an 11 pm one
if possible lets try to do 6pm PST for the homies on the east coast
oof
what about 6?
agreed
well, at any point on friday 
or if everyone can do to friday i can go all day
same time as last week?
so we don't have to worry about carrying shit
bruh if that's your thing
hope you've got your pants on right.
Oh damn, thats too bad
so i guess i’m available whenever
 i got sick as fuck this morning, don’t think i can go to work anyway 
Idk.
i think so?
i'm busy from 11-5 and then it takes 30 mins or so to get home
i can't do 8 am
i can do 8 to 4 in the morn, sure
saturday i can’t start until at least 5:30 pm PST
yeah, can you make saturday?
b r u h, you said we were too quiet lmao
what's dnd without the shenanigans?
LOL
8 is like a mid to moderate fool
naw, dumbass is like 6
yea, fuck school
idk, depends on what class you wanna play :/
the 8?
who needs cha anyway?
you could put the 6 in cha
oof
also could have played from my phone
i coulda called anyone
kms
left it on my fuckin bed
ikr
all me
the locking myself out tho
wasn’t my fault the phone thing
im just kidding, plz dont kill my character
lul try me
i’ll most likely move the start time back an hour and be late anyway
we didnt
nope
20 mins ago
holy shit
im at work rn
wassup
maybe then you wont have to look at my ugly face
i should do a sketch as well
cool
we can just go
idk
rip
lol
and traffic is bad enough in LA
but they’re hell for traffic
they’re a nice meme
the birds
lol
eh it’ll be better to talk about it later
CRITICAL
OH
for sure
you can come at 6:30 lmao
coo
missing out or anything 
Starting at 5:30 pst, but you can come 6:30 you won’t be like
they're so good
aren't you 19?
that sounds like you're planning on hitting the bars
that's why
i've gotta walk my dog rn
but idk
we’re all lvl 4 rn
probably easier this way
lul
how's uh
oof
10pm?
you’ve got class, right?
well we wouldnt keep you up that late
oh thats not bad
next weekend is tough because they put me on friday night
oof
which means im done at 5
i work mornings on the weekend
wassup?
pst
saturday is fine with me
*im
qim mars
(tongueout)
but that's it
you could be a goliath, i probably wouldn't speak to you in character for the first couple weeks though &gt;.&gt;
jk ofc i'll save you my guy
and i'm awesome and you love me. suck my balls
and i'm awesome and you love me. suck my balls
spending all my money on healer's kits and stuff like that
uh i'm a rogue who's flavored as a doctor.
i haven't seen that yet
i haven't seen that et
that'll work
i had a character that we don't speak of who spoke fluent aarakocra, and eric didn't tell me no.
how's it goin, my dude
(ok) 
i'm not explaining anything, i already did my job
did you just say, "i'm michael?"
i'm mars.
i'll start with the introduction thing
you don't fucking like it?
