YeH
Mista jouster?
remove surrendering
the solution is simple
Yes.
Asmongold (Zach) Converses with the Psychologist streamer guy, Dr. K
Asmongold (Zach) Converses with the Psychologist streamer guy, Dr. K
and stacks to 50 or something
apparently one of the mods I have adds in a special backpack that is 25x25 and has a 100% encumberance reduction and gives 1.50 combat speed and +20 to melee attack and defence
They added Cthulhu to Smite
Mars wasn't ready for Sekiro to be a woman (flushed)(flushed)
POG more delays
Xddddddd
Validity POG
Whoa, I appreciate David bowstring as much as the next negus
Actually black POG 
Sithil laments the zoning laws that removed the side shop
Sithil laments the zoning laws that removed the side shop
The Grail Knight
They added a new class for Kruber in Vermintide POG
Is the demon souls remaster not true to the original? Does it reinterpret things that were perfect as they were?
Bless up
Chen Arcana POG
When blood borne comes to PC I’m gonna clap its cheeks
When blood borne comes to PC I’m gonna clap its cheeks
It would be nice to have it on PC, but idc tbh, as long as bloodborne comes to PC
Joey Diaz was in Spider-Man 
Balltze, the dog Cheems is based on
Balltze, the dog Cheems is based on
Just close ur eyes
He bends time and jumps around it Xd 
my stand Chad crimson
C H A D U  C R I M S O N U
That Lone Ranger video made me feel high
I am the protest
India superpower
Just sleep
Don’t do it mars
I highly recommend sleeping
Yes.
Its quite the meme
I just tamed a Winged Beak Ogre
Large Xd from me
Xddddddx
Negus really out here establishing Communist utopias in Seattle 😳😳
Pt. 1 of Slavoj Zizek's Analysis of Joker
The bread
Gamers rise up?
Xd
its uncanny
He sounded like a white kid who plays xbox, but looks darker than mars with dreads
See, I had the same problem with the guy I play Siege with
Today I learned Lacari is black
TF 2
John Cena speaks Mandarin
Xd
Asmald the bald king
Blood borne remaster coming along with a PC port POG
YeH
POG Mickey attempts to cover up war crimes xd
poggaroo
Anon spergs out 
True capitalism 
Xdddddddd
the second one
the polictical compass meme
Using TF2 keys and dogecoin
Free Porter pretty dank
True xd
True xd
How can we avenge Georgie without any looting 😔
where was the looting tho
Protesting POG
Major bruh moment
Guys we did it
Bruhhhhhhhh
Based?
Gubment tells me bedtime
Curfew hours POG
Anon describes war 
YeH 
xd
any real negus in the chat?
No
It’s drue
And it’s still a meme xdddddddddddddddd
I’ve played against him before
Oh yes
Playin against slacks is a meme
OH YEAH LOOK AT EET GO
The immortals
And of course
3 arcanas, 2 personas
Also The International Battlepass POG
We wuz scalin
Rest in piece to digbus
He has passed on
hearing FDR say niggas is quite powerful
no bill of rights POG
Canada POG
Joe brogan moving podcast to Spotify 
Finger puppets POG
looks spicy
Curse of the Dead Gods on Steam
Negus
Xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddfffdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
yeah just press the make server button
blessing you
How do a negus claim his California $600 neetbux?
Joe back at it again
Fat American makes Two Europoors Mald
The cloth set looks like a witch hunter from Warhammer and the gold on black plate set looks like a Chaos Space Marine xd
Xd
Powerful set from Mark Normand
he hits them with the double whammie though, dodges military service and takes advantage of free healthcare 
Anon on how to avoid Turkish Military Service POG
epic gamer moment
POG
its just an asian streamer girl
This meme made me happier than it should have Xd 
POG
The dilemma with no dilemma POG
Is it bloodborne 2?
What retronomicon
that sseth video was particularly crunchy
From me
That’s a
Ye
Anime doom
a negus goes on a prison quest
given Isshin is the hardest boss in the game
I was surprised owl managed to get him as low as he did
Owl vs. Sword Saint Isshin is surprisingly close
Owl fights so dirty its beautiful
Owl vs. Isshin
her praetorian guard are huge though
she just reee'd at me until i left
the western queen is a massive sperg
Ye
xd
think polygraph
he was talking about monitoring their physiological signs
parsa where did you get that quote from
xd
and he's very well qualified to understand when he needs assistance with something
I don't think there's anything wrong with being honest about your situation and seeking help
where he seemingly awakens from a coma-like state and starts lecturing
this video is a lecture
He checked himself into a rehab because he became addicted to a anti-anxiety drug
Jordan peterson awakens from a coma and gives you relationship advice
POG
aka
called Path of Guardians
Dota Cinema made a 3v3 ARAM style custom map
i might attack the holy nation with them
I wish I could actually control them, but they're autistic murder machines
I wish I could actually control them, but they're autistic murder machines
xd
they're the skellies that immediately ally with you and kill anything not you
yeah
xd
cheems turtle is just doing his best
what do I do with the broken ones jett?
Inshallah
still useless against bandits tho xd
and my character is a fucking unit, i mean this guy is built like a truck
because it sounded dank
i did the holy blade start
the hub
pretty dank ngl
i've reloaded my save and am now mining copper
i've reloaded my save and am now mining copper
very accurate
I didnt xd
POG
I approached a town that I thought was friendly, was hailed and told to drop to the ground, then beaten senseless and caged up
ive gotten the true kenshi experience
Midwest Furfest was really something
he really should
I'm not sure how I feel about it
That video was eye-opening and really incredible to experience
This is really something
ik lol, thixxiom called out asmongold xddddddddd
Video for context
Guys if someone wants to lay siege to your territory and you have to consent to the siege is it cringe?
simple as
Alton Brown refers to himself as "daddy" and teaches you how to make dip
I don't make the memes I just post them xd
So pick him now while he’s good
They’re gonna nerf duck next patch tho
The duck is clearly the better
 Very meta meme
Lel
the great POGfluence
Loregasm
Demo POG 
POG homebrew races POG
POG memelo campaign not a meme anymore? POG
I made my character into commander Shepard because I really don’t care about the whole family backstory thing Xd 
Some of the character designs do give me the tism tho
A lot of the bugs are fixed
It’s actually a pretty good game
I bought mass effect andromeda deluxe edition for $8
A powerful move
The twist and tuck
Ahh yes
it was makin my room shake
The dankest dungeon? POG
There are memes that have told about this
There are memes that have told about this
Have you not seen the memes?
I was hoping it would erupt with maggots in a suitably vigorous fashion
Not as disgusting as I imagined it would be
5/10
Impossible 
It will never happen
Neetbux
I’m gonna make a kultiran dk 
anyone gonna get shadowlands?
I get this
Feelsweirdman
Gamers being oppressed in China 
RIP Rick May, guy who voiced soldier from TF2 le corona has claimed his life
Education
CounterStrike in Dota 2 POG
it has Mr. Plinkett, Psychicpebbles, and the guy who did the australian voices for australian rick and morty
The full pilot
Nice
POG
Senator "Dreadlich" Bernie Sanders
S C U F F E D
Best this nibbas ever looked
blade runner is closer to cyber-noir imo
No you dont
Aynone here watched AKIRA?
In summary: Discombobulate
Yes.
Yes
its has a harsh, almost Nordic sound, but with an almost sea shanty vibe, and some rock elements too
its has a harsh, almost Nordic sound, but with an almost sea shanty vibe, and some rock elements too
ngl, the Mongolian rock really slaps
for our contemporary nibbas who like Mongolian throat singing, we have some Mongolian throat singing rock
observe one of our Mongolian brothers sitting on a mountain top and belting out some high quality throat singing
For my throat singing nibbas in the chat
But only 2100 B.C. kids know this banger
this sounds surprisingly better than you would think
new dick souls
meet yung terp
I think I know what the ball is
It really do be
Astartes Part 5 POG
Xd
feelsgoodman
that feel when you drop a class
Guys we gotta get Peking duck
You see peruvian juggernaut at the end of a dark alley, what do you do?
I thought it was just a cardboard tube with tinsel on the outside or something
I thought it was just a cardboard tube with tinsel on the outside or something
Im not sure what he's smoking out of though
idk to be honest
Negusi really out here living
Negusi really out here living
Xd
Very cool and very nice thank you china
Joey Bananas yells at you for 13 minutes while the national anthem plays
Artifact 2.0 POG
Zoom lectures Omegalul
Patrick
anyone playing AOM?
Actual Wabbit Season POG 
Slacks styles on a headcrab
Slacks threatens the health caterpillar
Slacks realizes that Scrabbles has passed from this world never to return
Slacks realizes that Scrabbles has passed from this world never to return
Slacks is doing a routine repair job when he discovers Scrabbles gruesome fate
Slacks encounters a garden gnome after acquiring a gun and has another mental breakdown
Xd
Slacks learns that City 17 is not in America and has a breakdown
Ok boomer 
Xd
Joshathan would use one of these
His face just transforms
Legendary moment
Pogchamp
The church got a pretty sick new intro
parsa was talkin about the Ymfah video where his bloodborne character was literally just Samuel L Jackson
Samuel L Jackson?
rip Wabbit Season
damb
running low on
moshi moshi
need backup
Man down
But doom eternal
Xd
arright gamer time
arright gamer time
and why
who is duncan
Because bat soup
But I have to be ready to take pictures of math problems and then send them to Canvas
A negus would game
listen to what moon boi has to say
its true
Bruh zoom is a meme
I have a ghetto math exam tomorrow
GabeN steps forth and tells everyone about brains
Yes.
On jah?
Stay black
Grab your balls and salute the flag
is that you?
joker?
anyone played doom eternal?
no
any real negusi?
New dota 2 patch POG
Brug
Xd
Xd
Is an experience
Playing dota drunk
any real nibbas?
Nig
nigga
anyone ready for doom eternal?
Bruh
Bruh
Ahhh skweezy
Who dat
vroo...
she wants to play duo ranked 0.0
yeah im talking to her in discord with danech lol
shes just in discord
Im not sure ive ever met this person
tho
pretty sure shes asian thp
idk
whoa cmon bruh
its true
Idk, she says she plays anything
its nutty
I checked her account, shes got so many fuckin immortals
and she was almost divine
bruh, theres a girl in the club danech and I joined who has more hours on dota than me xd
It is too precious to not be
The paper must be hoarded
Xd
Schniff*
Bust out the sea shanties 
BUST
I wanna
Has ranked league not drained you of your vitality?
Any real negusi still alive?
Truly, an accursed path you have chosen
Truly, an accursed path you have chosen
Dishonored irl
The europoors want their complementary fascism with the plague outbreak xd 
Xd
Ur euro
Oh berry cool
tru
heres a 3 hour long vid covering 42k years of Warhammer 40k lore
Very worth
xddddddddddddd
sleepy joe might just pass out during the election xd
its true
why yang gotta do this
Bruh
xd
xddddddddddd
probably not xd
But hopefully I get to work in the lab thats doing the bionanotechnology research
That's what they need to interview me for, I get assigned to someone who they think is doing research that would aligned with what I had in my research statement
POGU
its a research intership
its an in person interview
blessing you gwyn
I made to the 2nd round of interviews for the UCLA summer internship POG
I didn't think I'd make it tbh
I didn't think anyone was still playing this game, but apparently theres a private server that still puts out updates and has people playing
Arright I gotta do it now
LOL
Bruh, I just got an email about how I became an ordained minister 4 years ago
Fallout 4?
Choke that thot
Can a negus?
Milo I just saw you biking down Pico from SMC
At 17th
F R O O T  F U L L
new sseth vid
yeH
because it understood what it was
anything afterward was just inferior
As far as I'm concerned the class-based shooter genre was at its peak when TF2 was made
lul
riot has learned they don't need to be original to make money
what did u expect
its rito
Wash your pussy, grab your balls and salute the flag mothafucka - Joey Bananas
bruh doom eternal multiplayer is looking intense
Arright I’m on
join discord and speak to bill Clinton and Bernie sanders
if anyone can do an impression of someone
We need more ratslayers
Joey Bananas 2024
That's how you know
I think he's pretty electable just based on his charisma
there
Get up cocksuckas, its all over
Fucking Katrina's cousin Maria, the otha one
Puerto Rico, Houston, fuckin' Florida
LISTEN, its been tough up to now, the earthquake in Mexico
Euhh, ya know, the White House, whatever the fuck is going on
BUT IT DONT MATTA, they wanna shoot?
ITS TIME FOR US TO FUCKIN SHOOT COCKSUCKAS
THEY WANNA GET DOWN AND DIRTY?
DONT FORGET WHO THE FUCK WE ARE
YA UNDASTAN ME?!!?
WE'RE THE BADDEST MOTHAFUCKAS OUT THERE
YOU SEND A MESSAGE TO THAT FUCKIN NORTH KOREAN
HE'S GONNA BE SNIFFIN MY DICK AND SUCKIN MY ASSHOLE
T H A T S  T H E  F O C U S
WE'RE GOING TO NORTH KOREA, IN A YEAR ITS GONNA BE AN ISLAND
IT'S GONNA GLOW IN THE DARK
YOU KNOW WHY?!?!?! BECAUSE WE'RE AMERICANS COCKSUCKAS
WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DEALING WITH!?!?!?!
STOP WITH THE GUN CONTROL, THEY'RE SELLING MORE GUNS THAN EVER THE LAST THREE DAYS
STOP WITH THE FUCKING WHINING!!!
STOP WITH THE RUSSIANS ON FACEBOOK!!!
I DONT GIVE A FUCK!!!!
WORRY ABOUT YA SELF, KEEP YA EYES OPEN, AND GET THE FUCK OFF SNAPCHAT AND TWITTER, COCKSUCKAS
STAY BLACK
salutes
hold up
wait
there we go
Get up simps, its all over
joey bananas takes off the glasses and facepalms before he lets it rip
but vote they would
they would never admit they'd vote for it
i think simps would vote for it secretly
government mandated [B]ussy
I feel like that if a candidate had that as part of their policy they would get a lot of votes
government mandated pussy?
just give them pepsi xd
Cola strike?
he's a gamer
Yes.
There will be a (deep) philosophical discussion in the same discord if anyone wishes to partake
Do I need to be an avid practitioner of double think to understand that picture?
Did you drink your anti-boomer juice?
Did you drink your anti-boomer juice?
Xd
Maybe I can arrange them to optimize for tilt xd
what is your preferred order?
excellent
xd
combined
its just passionfruit, guava, and orange
Also did you know theres a knockoff juul pod that is POG flavored?
Winnie got to Jett
YeH 
She’s what I imagine my hypothetical Chinese grandmother to be like
She’s what I imagine my hypothetical Chinese grandmother to be like
She’s wonderful xd
Is it the small Chinese woman at the health center?
That’s quite the thesis negusi
Man evolved into Tiny POG
bless up and hydrate
and try to sleep at reasonable hours
Maybe jerk off more rigorously
Yeah, drink more water and eat more non-burrito food
is there a thread of consistency between these days though?
Maybe you’re experiencing the boomer placebo effect
Xd
Aight this guy is a boomer ngl
You just ate too much pizza
You’ll realize you’re not really a boomer
It will xd
I’m not sure what else I’m supposed to respond with
Ok boomer
What brought you to this conclusion?
is that you?
mr balloonhands?
Oh?
real shit?
From the moment I understood the weakness of the console, it disgusted me. I craved the strength and certainty of the PC. I aspired to the purity of the blessed PC. Your kind cling to your consoles, as if it won't lag and fail you. One day the crude design that you call superior will wither, and you will beg my kind to save you. But I am already saved, for the PC is immortal.
From the moment I understood the weakness of the console, it disgusted me. I craved the strength and certainty of the PC. I aspired to the purity of the blessed PC. Your kind cling to your consoles, as if it won't lag and fail you. One day the crude design that you call superior will wither, and you will beg my kind to save you. But I am already saved, for the PC is immortal.
tremendous, is what it is
Its a slow fall mars, first you're laughing at dota memes, next thing you know you're in a lobby flaming motherfuckers in 3 different languages saying "mid or I afk feed"
Xd
Mars understands dota memes POG
Big poop
“Staying hard is a problem when there’s a supply chain problem and I can’t keep getting my viagra from China” - a comment on Joe Rogans latest Instagram post
Xddddddddd
ngl Yang do be lit though
any real negusi?
mazel tov
yeH
EPIC GAMER MOMENT
joey really out here streaming (flushed)
75k people watching
Politics
Yes.
GabeN reads the email.

Politely responds with "Nice." and clicks send

He then immediately picks up the phone and summons Icefrog to his office.

"What the fuck is the meaning of this?" he says, angrily pointing at the email. "Why the fuck are people still picking the hero. I thought I told you to dumpster it"

"I-I know but I can't simply just do that. You know what they say, " Icefrog says with a sheepish grin to try to lighten the mood, "Balance in all thi-"

Before Icefrog can finish his sentence, GabeN stands up with a boom and backhands Icefrog, completely obliterating his head, leaving only his lower jaw still attached to the neck.

Icefrog's body remains standing for a few seconds before crumpling to the floor

GabeN sits back down in his chair and pinches the brow between his eyes while letting out an exasperated sigh.

...

Elsewhere, deep below Valve HQ, machinery suddenly begins to rumble to life. What once was pitch black room is now dimly illuminated from the glow of a single human-sized test tube, just one of hundreds, all organized in neat rows. Inside the tube is a human suspended in some sort of liquid. Without warning the person awakes in horror and begins to flail around helplessly while gasping for air. Seemingly in response, the liquid begins to drain from the tube, leaving the person inside crumpled on the ground, just barely alive. The tube then silently retracts into the floor.

Overhead, a speaker crackles briefly before GabeN's voice can be heard.

"Hello 7.25. Time to get to work"
get boof'ed
playing vermintide 2 if anyone cares to join
Just give them more money 4head
Very understandable
Nice
LOREGASM
blessing the be?
real negus hours
real shit?
you fool. you absolute buffoon. you think you can challenge me in my own realm? you think you can rebel against my authority? you dare come into my house and upturn my dining chairs and spill coffee grounds in my Keurig? you thought you were safe in your chain mail armor behind that screen of yours. I will take these laminate wood floor boards and destroy you. I didn’t want war. but i didn’t start it.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
in samecord
deep philosophical discussion being held
It’s true
But his chonky paws just need to make contact to deliver a singular mighty blow and absolutely destroy his enemies 
I feel like in a gladiator battle of cats, Bronson would kind of just smash his opponents with his impressive girth and slap their heads off
Bronson is kind of a god amongst cats
Bronson is kind of a god amongst cats
No
xd
Im just trying to imagine a disembodied Joey Diaz speaking to me from inside a metal box
What if Joey Diaz was the first person to have his consciousness uploaded to a computer?
Greyhounds are portals to alternate dimensions, use them with great caution
Greyhounds are places of 🅱️oolishness
Bernie please
More like
Taco zone?
Yes.
They fight because they must
Vroooo
Cat is kill
Why is cat kill
Yes.
sseth reuploading?
Xd
Ah one of mystical pond trolls of legend
Please follow these directions to the other deep philosophical discussions
Another deep philosophical Skype debate 👀
Proactively solving problems in other regions before they start becoming our problems
That actually what Jared Diamond proposed back in like 2001
C H E E M S
I am laughing at cheems 
Y
They do
also I learned bardins throwing axes can be recalled like thors hammer xd
furries?
We playing some AOM if any real gamers are present
its quite bad
joji made new music
joji made new music
Bulldog starts speaking in tongues xd
koreaboos?
have a TREMENDOUS day
that is all
you can attend the town hall meeting by entering into the same discord and acknowledging youre a cocksucka
alright cocksuckas, uncle joey is holding a town hall meeting to discuss the state of absolute fuckery in this great nation
Yes.
I see another deeply philosophical discussion is ensuing
The only problem is the winters
They got some FIRE bitches in Iceland ngl
They have something of a stagnant gene pool, so much so that they run dna tests to make sure that when native Icelanders marry each other they aren’t related because the population is so small
Oh yeah, but if you’re looking to live in Iceland I highly recommend 
Yes.
im already a burrito
Impossible 
Real gameplay
POG
After that accident 
Yeah I don’t imagine he does anymore
I didn’t ask tbh
Motorcycles?
Which is pretty cool
But I guess he said he’s gonna go through the police academy and become an officer
He was heading to the hospital apparently 
I just talked to him
I just saw Chad at the train station in Culver City
DUDE
Naw, theyre fuckin dead mate
Gotrek chad slayer
vs the virgin ironbreaker
the chad gotrek
very chad
its drue
Synthetik top seller on steam POG
Synthetik top seller on steam POG
Salam vro
its TREMENDOUS
I'm also on good terms with the professor who runs this class, so its good
and explain to them that he literally just did the presentation today, after I showed him mine, hence its remarkable similarity :O
which i just made him do
so if I'm accused of plaigerism my ass is covered because I'll show them what he had initially done before I made him reformat our shared presentation
I have a copy of the thing he sent before he changes anything
Its all good though
I have not, because we dont have a TA xd
but i gotta deal with him for another week, so I cant just make one of my group members into an enemy
see, if this was the last time i would have to work with him I would do that 
xddddddddddddddddddddd
yeah, this is uh, kind of a big oof for me chief
after further review, he almost verbatim copied what i put on my slides and just slightly changed the words
the kiss of death im telling you
its incredible
he essentially copied my exact format for my slides and then autistically posted his slides after mine instead of trying to intermesh our slides and not repeat the information that I already had in mine
we have a power point presentation due tomorrow
my autistic lab partner strikes again
That's life
axe is axe
axe look strong
Axe's true form
also vermintide time if anyone is interested
any real negus in the house?
gotta thank the ogre chagi
its a must
Its tradition to make a meme of that format whenever a hero gets a tiny buff to their base stats xd
Its tradition to make a meme of that format whenever a hero gets a tiny buff to their base stats xd
This is by Paprika
(with memes)
History of Dota POG
Xd
Pepe
Hello, I'm a salesman sorta giant
I sell molly and mary and other various items
One time one guy came to where I'm residing
And I didn't invite him, so instead tried to fight him
I got violent, long story short he's not breathing
For some reason I liked it and it was really exciting
Couldn't stop the addiction, and the irony is
A couple junkies went missing and I know right where they're hiding

[Hook]
Dope in the bag, pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high
Dope in the bag, Pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high
Dope in the bag, pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high
Dope in the bag, Pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high

[Verse 2]
Task force poured into my fortress
Found some lipstick, a couple corpses
Bitches was harmed and they couldn't reach the alarm
I'm ripping sockets out like I had fucking problems with arms
They found a couple portraits on the porch
But they don't check up under the floor
It's bodies and hotties and we was raging I'm gauging a shawty
Hit so many bitches I was pimping like Scotty
I'm a bull, red, piss me off
Like that lipstick position when she kissed me
So I bit 'em off, they was too soft, I'm a Wolf
And a designer mixing skin cotton leather and wool
And most people like flying kites, riding bikes in the woods
Baking cake cause its good, I mean I would if I could
But I like playing dress up and mix match
Sorry I'mma 'fess up, you aren't getting your kids back

[Hook]
Dope in the bag, pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high
Dope in the bag, pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high
Dope in the bag, Pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high

[Bridge]
What's in my trunk? White, girl
What's in my trunk? White, girl
You need a warrant, officer

[Outro]
You could say I kill 'em, if my product doesn't
Couple basement stairs where I drug them, down
It's pretty disgusting, finger crush your face
I'll leave you permanently blushing, blood
Nosebleed drugs, cook you in the oven
Drums
also a truly blessed sseth video
xddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
The secret weapon is working
also real negus hours
this is the secret weapon against Iran
That would be kind of an enormous xd
If he doesn’t he gave up all credibility 
Does forsen still do snus?
W A R F A R E
 We never paid any heed to the ancient prophecies. Like fools we clung to the old hatreds, and fought as we had for generations. Until the day the sky rained fire, and a new enemy came upon us. We stand now, upon the brink of destruction, for the reign of chaos has come at last.
it'd be kind of dank if the corona virus wiped out wuhan and turned it into the undead settlement xd
but whomst is to his right?
brother rogan
YeH 
Waow
🅱️odello time
xd
we require all able bodied negusi to participate in a deeply philosophical discussion
Yes.
rip kobe
YeH
deep philosophy and politics in dicksword
Garfield erased Monday and leapt past it
S C R U F
How do you plead?
Regardless of his chad status, he would still be deciding your fate
A lowly negus such as myself would not know Xd 
You gotta ask him
how does this make you feel?
this is the chad riot dev who will preside over your fate in the league
meet riot blaustoise
Any Bernie bro’s in the chat?
When they come for you, I will shield your name
I will field their questions, I will feel your pain
No one can judge
They don't, they don't know
They don't know
Foot on the Devil's neck 'til it drifted Pangaea
I'm moving all my family from Chatham to Zambia
Treat the demons just like Pam
I mean I fuck with your friends, but damn, Gina
I been this way since Arthur was anteater
Now they wanna hit me with the woo wap, the bam
Tryna snap photos of familia
My daughter look just like Sia, you can't see her
You can feel the lyrics, the spirit coming in braille
Tubman of the underground, come and follow the trail
I made Sunday Candy, I'm never going to hell
I met Kanye West, I'm never going to fail
He said let's do a good ass job with Chance three
I hear you gotta sell it to snatch the Grammy
Let's make it so free and the bars so hard
That there ain't one gosh darn part you can't tweet
This is my part, nobody else speak
This is my part, nobody else speak
This little light of mine
Glory be to God, yeah
I'ma make sure that they go where they can't go
If they don't wanna ride I'ma still give them raincoats
Know what God said when he made the first rainbow
Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Ugh, I'm just having fun with it
You know that a nigga was lost
I laugh in my head
Cause I bet that my ex looking back like a pillar of salt
Ugh, cause they'll flip the script on your ass like Wesley and Spike
You cannot mess with the light
Look at lil Chano from 79th
Joe would be a chaos warrior
Yes.
vermintime
It’s from his page
Talk to joe about that one vro
xd
Oh artifact 3.0?
yeH
Xd
Later
Not right now though
2
its time to run it back on vermintide
alright its time
Xd
yeh
now this
the meme is quite blessed
I only abide by the most halal vro
Xd
Salam
Rip rob
Yes.
yeh
GERDopolis?
a classic
Plague time POG
we are having a deep philosophical conversation in dicksword
aight vro
It’s a PVE team shooter
7/10
It seems interesting
I have viewed this game
Good jam
It is quite the sauce
It is quite the sauce
No I fixed it
i was talking about the coca plant, not the cacao plant or coffee bush
But that’s how people figured out to make cocaine, the locals were chewing leaves and chemists looked at the chemicals present and figured you could concentrate the chemicals to a very high degree and get a significantly more concentrated form of what was already present in the leaves
But that’s how people figured out to make cocaine, the locals were chewing leaves and chemists looked at the chemicals present and figured you could concentrate the chemicals to a very high degree and get a significantly more concentrated form of what was already present in the leaves
Chewing coca leaves?
but they chewed coca leaves
Yes.
that's whats up negus
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga
It's all good (It's all good)
Call the crib, same number, same hood
I'm blowin' up like you thought I would
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starski
Peace to Ron G, Brucie B, Kid Capri
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner

Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade

Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far
Remember Rappin' Duke? Duh-ha, duh-ha
With the hat to match
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
Smokin' weed in Bambu, sippin' on Private Stock

I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
Hangin' pictures on my wall
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up! magazine
Its the ultimate heist, stealing your own content
I might be on that pack
Damn
Why him?
Also, apparently Dave Chappelle is a member of the yang gang
Are you negus familiar with puff bars?
Xd
Very cool
Thank you big daddy
its quite the blessed activity
I do enjoy talking to myself
We were just doing a titration to measure dissolved oxygen in our field samples
Xd
Moss, the Orphan
If he said dota 2 I would’ve been surprised and delighted to be dealing with a gentleman of class
He said I play a lot of league of legends, and you know that’s the kiss of death
rip smoke shop
since he was purchased from the now defunct smoke shop in venice
This is the first time ive cleaned Cletus xd
xddddddd
Feelsgoodman
I just really gave Cletus’ bowl and down stem a good scrubbing
As if the lab equipment was gonna put itself away
He just sat there with his teeth in his mouth, and asked if the lab was all we had to do
It’s in humane and egregious 
That’s just wrong
But one of the absolute worst offenses in my book is someone who doesn’t assist in the lab clean up
I need gloves to deal with this guy, I cannot abide by the powerful tism he radiates
Maybe, unless we do the analysis we’ll never know
This guy just never ceases to amaze
This guy just never ceases to amaze
I’m not sure what kind of retard juice he’s sippin but it’s some powerful stuff
And today in lab, this guy was quite the sperg
I was only mildly disappointed 
But no
I knew I was dealing with an autistic, oblivious sperg at that very moment
So naturally I ask him what he plays
And of course he says yeah I’m a pc master race all the way
And this guy, you could just look at him and tell he’s a gamer, so I asked him if he played any games
In my class I got paired with this guy
Waow
Gotta thank the hoff 
Ranking tier 5 items POG
It’s true
its for mcdelivery I believe
Its not a meme though, its a legit ad for mcdonalds in ukraine
Its not a meme though, its a legit ad for mcdonalds in ukraine
I gotta pick up the slack
I haven't been dota posting as much lately
xddddddd
and based
xd
Its Ukrainian
It’s vague and vacuous, yet still all encompassing and informative
See, this is the chad response
Yes.
Xd
Yes.
Are zoomers centrists?
Now you understand 
nice
On Ross?
Ooooh, very based
For no good reason
But it did make me laugh
I just saw this meme and didn’t understand it
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Why won’t someone think of the economy
I find myself caught in conflict as I look upon the piece with Bronson and wonder whether the piece is depicting God creating Bronson, or in fact it is Bronson whomstdve is creating God?
Only on my phone Xd
Very cooleroni
Thank you skype phone auto response 
Kind of cringe 
Bronson flicked one of his chubby fucking fingers and the subsequent ripples in spacetime begat the being we know as God
Bronson flicked one of his chubby fucking fingers and the subsequent ripples in spacetime begat the being we know as God
Yeah, that's part of what makes him so magnificent, he has thumbs
Also Bronson
Also Bronson
Xd
Big pog
Thank you china
Beautiful
That vro
He will never know the fate of Bronson, the incredible chonk
I'm not sure how thats better
You use facebook though
You gotta follow him on insta to find that out
You gotta follow him on insta to find that out
This is Bronson letting rip a chonky ((fat)) reeee before he lunges and subsequently crushes his prey beneath his girth
This is Bronson letting rip a chonky ((fat)) reeee before he lunges and subsequently crushes his prey beneath his girth
My favorite part, is when Bronson raises himself to his full chonkiness and you really get to appreciate just how much of a unit he is
You must all witness, the thunder chonk that is Bronson, assert his dominance over the beta Gwildor
Here you go
He hit him with it
Damn
Ok
I gotta head to class
I cannot vro
I’m bouta head out 
Aight vro
Thanks Ahnuld
DA STOGIE
Watching this
Which was tremendous
I went to class high enough that I was decently confused at times 
Beware the crack fiends 
Arright I’m in work
I thought that gameplay was out though
Has your service to lord GabeN not taught you anything? Xd
But of course
I am not thinking
You guys gonna play ghost of sushi land?
YeH 
I’ll be at the theater
I’ll be at the theater
I’m almost there
Memelo when r u be at promenade?
when r u nib b at promenade?
aigth vro
Me c13
whomst is seat c12
Xd
And off balance from that exchange
Hopefully Collin is suitably confused
Thank you
No
They foresaw the fuckery
d
Aight time to get drafted x
xd
The Selective Service System considers the term "male" in the federal law to refer to the sex observed at birth, so trans women are required to register, while trans men are not.
Aight imma head in
Arright I’m bouta head out
Aight I’m here where my money at
Where do u nibs live again
Where do u nibs live again
I was too destroyed
After New Years I gotta cleanse xd
I can also do whorechata
A negus do be peckish 
We can meet at chipotle if you’re down
Now
I’m next to the promenade right joe
Arright where we meetin
Oh shid
Any real negus in existence?
- MLK
I am free
I be free soon
Arright I won’t mob
I’m in Santa Monica if anyone is down
Jk
Arright we ain’t hangin
when we hanging?
alright negusi
ok
Frank
Many times I thought of cutting out, but my heart wouldn't buy it
And I can't deny it
im bouta head out
aight vro
India superpower 2020
This is what you get
Yes
Xd
Cat
Alexa, play That's Life by Frank Sinatra
I can say with some measure of certainty, that its a pretty good dark souls-like
after purchasing Nioh Complete Edition for $12
Oh? You're memeing me? Instead of running away?
Slakcs 
eggcellent
Apparently there is a playable teaser for a Gothic remake on steam if you own any of the old Piranha Bytes RPGs
Seems worth
Spoiler Alert
Which is the necron (space Egyptian) 4th edition codex I believe xd
He even knew where the picture is from
This is the future mars wants
They like to take my bay cities sandwich out of my carefully packed bag because it looks suspicious on the x-ray xd
I am also available 
Xd
are you going to atlantis mars?
aight migga
unsure of who will take it
me, myself, and I preparing to take the last toke
Thank you Yoda, here have some ketamine
Is that you?
Mr balloonhands?
Mr balloonhands?
we live in a society
so we're meeting tomorrow?
ye right over there
whomstdve?
Friday?
Sometimes it has to be done
f in the chat please
I no longer have half a doink
i have half a doink left
alright so tomorrow?
when are we meeting up negus?
alright
You are fucking yourself
No
CS go?
Ogre Arcana POG
Xd
Speak for yourself vro
yeah hop on dota
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Elden ring was very descriptive though
Have you guys heard of that new game by Amazon?
Minion enlists in Vietnam to escape the reality of his loss
When does it end?
I sleep
real witch shit?
real witch shit?
Witch
You’re on a bus
ye
I mean, what you like to do in your free time is your business :)
Battle Cup?
What's that?
Oh? He dresses up as a a local shitsweeper and bamboozles Gerald?
this guy has dreads as long as Owl's
big oof if they didnt
Did they get Charles Dance to play the Emperor?
they're apparently making a sequel to The Forest
where muh elden ring miyazaki
Was there no elden ring trailer shown?
wrong chat
can a nigga
im black
im black
What
zaddy issues
Furry
POG
They changed the main menu music from regular soulful humming to chirstmas themed soulful humming
gotta bless up Hunt Showdown
but of course
Now that is lit 
You got interviewed in Roblox?
its true xd
I actually do ask for socks
Damb it really do be like that
thank you dark souls
and shotguns are OP
thank you dark souls
thank you dark souls
Actually I recommend Hunt Showdown just based on the Battle Royale Mode, because its kind of a meme
I been had this one xd
Dx
It’s actually pretty tense, but good
I require hunting partners to hunt down bogies with
I require hunting partners to hunt down bogies with
check out Hunt Showdown on steam negusi
see you guys there soon
alright im heading out
xd
scribe these nuts
waow, thanks dad
I am following
on Ross?
Gotta put some food out for the animals
since we're posting cringe
Okay. So, I-I’ve been seeing dis copypasta fwoating awound about w-wanting tuwu “bang D-Dawk Wiwwow”, awnd fwankwy- I dink dis iws disgusting. Fiwst of aww, hew name isn’t “Dawk Wiwwow”, iwt’s Miweska. Iwt’s a beautifuw n-name fow a beautifuw pewson, a-awnd yuw wouwd aww do weww tuwu wefew tuwu hew as such. If yuw don’t even know hew name, dan yuw have no wight w-wanted tuwu have sex wid hew!

Secondwy, wanting tuwu bang hew iws juwst gwoss. Saying dat yuw wawnt tuwu b-bang Miweska iws objectifying hew, awnd iwt iws not o-okay. If yuw’ve evew w-wanted tuwu bang Miweska, yuw shouwd be disgusted wid y-youwsewf.

Unwike yuw cwetins, I howevew- wespect hew. Suwe, iwt’s p-possibwe I may considew hew tuwu be wadew bangabwe, but I wouwdn’t d-dawe do such a d-ding. Miweska iws a fuwcken queen, awnd desewves tuwu be tweated as s-such.

I DO NOT wawnt tuwu bang “Dawk Wiwwow". I wawnt t-tuwu hug hew. I wawnt t-tuwu be in a heawdy awnd woving wewationship wid Miweska. I w-wawnt tuwu wake up evewy m-mowning in bed, wid hew wying p-peacefuwwy next tuwu me as da mowning sun s-shines in dwough da w-window. I wawnt tuwu mwake hew bweakfast evewy mowning, a-awnd tend t-tuwu hew e-evewy need. I wawnt hew tuwu f-feew wike she iws twuwy woved, (because she iws). I wawnt hew tuwu be by mwy side fow mwy whowe w-wife, because I know dat she iws da pewfect woman fow me, awnd I am p-pewfect fow hew.

I wawnt tuwu be tuwu be wid hew evewy day, juwst so I-I can t-teww hew how much I fuwcken wove hew. I wawnt hew tuwu know how much I adowe evewyding amazing pewsonawity, hew incwedibwe fashion sense, hew extwemewy impwessive cawetaking a-abiwities, awnd hew absowutewy beautifuw wing tuwu body watio, awnd hew beautifuw, beautifuw eyes.

Howevew, if I-I wewe tuwu e-evew have sex wid Miweska, wouwdn’t simpwy be “banging” hew. If Miweska wewe t-tuwu evew consent t-tuwu me having s-sexwaw intewcouwse wid hew, iwt wouwd be tendew awnd w-woving awnd p-passionate. As we mwake w-wove, I’d swowwy awnd g-gentwy cawess hew soft, fwuffy wings as I swowwy but dewibewatewy dwusted into hew t-tight wooden p-pussy. I w-wouwd mwake hew pweasuwe mwy u-utmost pwiowity, wid mwy own being secondawy. But if she was wiwwing, dan oh gawd. What I wouwdn’t give tuwu feew hew adowabwe wittwe antennas wunning up awnd down da wengd of mwy shaft. I j-juwst wanna pet evewy inch of hew body, awnd give hew s-scwitches on hew tummy so she does dat d-ding dat faiwies do whewe d-deiw wings s-spaz owt. Dat’d juwst be so fuwcken hot. I’d pwobabwy end up cumming aww ovew hew, so iwt gets on hew wings. But goddamn. I wove dose wings wo much, dat I-I’d p-pewsonawwy wick off evewy wast dwop of cum, juwst tuwu I h-have anodew oppowtunity tuwu get as cwose t-tuwu hew gowgeous w-wings as possibwe.

But if yuw juwst wawnt t-tuwu bang hew, dan yuw awe a disgusting degenewate, awnd I hope yuw buwn in da deepest pits of t-tawtawus.
Okay. So, I-I’ve been seeing dis copypasta fwoating awound about w-wanting tuwu “bang D-Dawk Wiwwow”, awnd fwankwy- I dink dis iws disgusting. Fiwst of aww, hew name isn’t “Dawk Wiwwow”, iwt’s Miweska. Iwt’s a beautifuw n-name fow a beautifuw pewson, a-awnd yuw wouwd aww do weww tuwu wefew tuwu hew as such. If yuw don’t even know hew name, dan yuw have no wight w-wanted tuwu have sex wid hew!

Secondwy, wanting tuwu bang hew iws juwst gwoss. Saying dat yuw wawnt tuwu b-bang Miweska iws objectifying hew, awnd iwt iws not o-okay. If yuw’ve evew w-wanted tuwu bang Miweska, yuw shouwd be disgusted wid y-youwsewf.

Unwike yuw cwetins, I howevew- wespect hew. Suwe, iwt’s p-possibwe I may considew hew tuwu be wadew bangabwe, but I wouwdn’t d-dawe do such a d-ding. Miweska iws a fuwcken queen, awnd desewves tuwu be tweated as s-such.

I DO NOT wawnt tuwu bang “Dawk Wiwwow". I wawnt t-tuwu hug hew. I wawnt t-tuwu be in a heawdy awnd woving wewationship wid Miweska. I w-wawnt tuwu wake up evewy m-mowning in bed, wid hew wying p-peacefuwwy next tuwu me as da mowning sun s-shines in dwough da w-window. I wawnt tuwu mwake hew bweakfast evewy mowning, a-awnd tend t-tuwu hew e-evewy need. I wawnt hew tuwu f-feew wike she iws twuwy woved, (because she iws). I wawnt hew tuwu be by mwy side fow mwy whowe w-wife, because I know dat she iws da pewfect woman fow me, awnd I am p-pewfect fow hew.

I wawnt tuwu be tuwu be wid hew evewy day, juwst so I-I can t-teww hew how much I fuwcken wove hew. I wawnt hew tuwu know how much I adowe evewyding amazing pewsonawity, hew incwedibwe fashion sense, hew extwemewy impwessive cawetaking a-abiwities, awnd hew absowutewy beautifuw wing tuwu body watio, awnd hew beautifuw, beautifuw eyes.

Howevew, if I-I wewe tuwu e-evew have sex wid Miweska, wouwdn’t simpwy be “banging” hew. If Miweska wewe t-tuwu evew consent t-tuwu me having s-sexwaw intewcouwse wid hew, iwt wouwd be tendew awnd w-woving awnd p-passionate. As we mwake w-wove, I’d swowwy awnd g-gentwy cawess hew soft, fwuffy wings as I swowwy but dewibewatewy dwusted into hew t-tight wooden p-pussy. I w-wouwd mwake hew pweasuwe mwy u-utmost pwiowity, wid mwy own being secondawy. But if she was wiwwing, dan oh gawd. What I wouwdn’t give tuwu feew hew adowabwe wittwe antennas wunning up awnd down da wengd of mwy shaft. I j-juwst wanna pet evewy inch of hew body, awnd give hew s-scwitches on hew tummy so she does dat d-ding dat faiwies do whewe d-deiw wings s-spaz owt. Dat’d juwst be so fuwcken hot. I’d pwobabwy end up cumming aww ovew hew, so iwt gets on hew wings. But goddamn. I wove dose wings wo much, dat I-I’d p-pewsonawwy wick off evewy wast dwop of cum, juwst tuwu I h-have anodew oppowtunity tuwu get as cwose t-tuwu hew gowgeous w-wings as possibwe.

But if yuw juwst wawnt t-tuwu bang hew, dan yuw awe a disgusting degenewate, awnd I hope yuw buwn in da deepest pits of t-tawtawus.
now heres the remix
Okay. So, I’ve been seeing this copypasta floating around about wanting to “bang Dark Willow”, and frankly- I think this is disgusting. First of all, her name isn’t “Dark Willow”, it’s Mireska. It’s a beautiful name for a beautiful person, and you would all do well to refer to her as such. If you don’t even know her name, than you have no right wanted to have sex with her!

Secondly, wanting to bang her is just gross. Saying that you want to bang Mireska is objectifying her, and it is not okay. If you’ve ever wanted to bang Mireska, you should be disgusted with yourself.

Unlike you cretins, I however- respect her. Sure, it’s possible I may consider her to be rather bangable, but I wouldn’t dare do such a thing. Mireska is a fucking queen, and deserves to be treated as such.

I DO NOT want to bang “Dark Willow". I want to hug her. I want to be in a healthy and loving relationship with Mireska. I want to wake up every morning in bed, with her lying peacefully next to me as the morning sun shines in through the window. I want to make her breakfast every morning, and tend to her every need. I want her to feel like she is truly loved, (because she is). I want her to be by my side for my whole life, because I know that she is the perfect woman for me, and I am perfect for her.

I want to be to be with her every day, just so I can tell her how much I fucking love her. I want her to know how much I adore everything amazing personality, her incredible fashion sense, her extremely impressive caretaking abilities, and her absolutely beautiful wing to body ratio, and her beautiful, beautiful eyes.

However, if I were to ever have sex with Mireska, wouldn’t simply be “banging” her. If Mireska were to ever consent to me having sexual intercourse with her, it would be tender and loving and passionate. As we make love, I’d slowly and gently caress her soft, fluffy wings as I slowly but deliberately thrusted into her tight wooden pussy. I would make her pleasure my utmost priority, with my own being secondary. But if she was willing, than oh god. What I wouldn’t give to feel her adorable little antennas running up and down the length of my shaft. I just wanna pet every inch of her body, and give her scritches on her tummy so she does that thing that fairies do where their wings spaz out. That’d just be so fucking hot. I’d probably end up cumming all over her, so it gets on her wings. But goddamn. I love those wings wo much, that I’d personally lick off every last drop of cum, just to I have another opportunity to get as close to her gorgeous wings as possible.

But if you just want to bang her, than you are a disgusting degenerate, and I hope you burn in the deepest pits of tartarus.
Grant casting game from just the mini map POG
Its true
thank you
I won
Alright its decided
Xd
On jah?
real negus shit?
how much?
Ya like jazz?
Word
  Truly a blessed gentleman
It's 4 AM, November 26th, 2019. You're tossing and turning in your Dolce &amp; Gabbana sheets. Haven't slept a wink. Maybe it's the chains? You could have taken them off before bed, of course, but Jeeves is on holiday, and what kind of peasant dresses themselves? You make a mental note to browse for better sleeping chains when you get into the office. Maybe white gold rather than platinum; it'll catch less of the light from the diamond chandeliers.

NO! Bad employee! Goofing around online is what got you into this mess in the first place. Giving the Dota player-base a hard release date for the Outlanders patch, what were you thinking? Fuck, fuck, fuck. That was weeks ago and all you've done since then is try to teach the office monkey how to play Artifact. There's one project that was a little too successful; you haven't won a game in weeks. Make a mental note to browse for an importer who sells less capable chimps. Is there a monkey indigenous to NA?

You get up; there's no point trying to sleep any more. Might as well face the music. You swing open the French windows and the string quartet in the courtyard below dutifully begins to play Beethoven's 4th. Personally you prefer his 4-1th but the big guy banned it years ago.

You wash up in the infinity pool, because you read a Forbes article that said a statistically significant percentage of millionaires die in the shower, and as a Valve employee you know that all statistics are to be taken very seriously except for the player count of your games. You dress in a modest three-piece of embroidered gold and, as it's a nice day, decide to give the chauffeur a break and walk to the helipad instead.

The anxiety is rising as you approach Bellvue HQ. This is almost certainly going to be your last day. The big patch that everyone's expecting doesn't exist. Despite Valve putting a record number of people on the Dota 2 team, no progress has been made by either of you. Reddit is going to freak out and the big guy is going to bring out the special branding iron for asses he doesn't want to work with again. Shit, fuck, shit.

You slink into the office with heavy heart. As you pass the big guy's room you can hear he's playing Sand King again. 'Fuck this Morph-Shaker bullshit!', comes a low growl from within. 'New patch when, me?!' You feel a weight like a bowling ball settle in your stomach.

You sit down at the workstation, trying not to draw any attention. Opening up the patch project directory, which you know is going to be empty, you almost fall out of your chair. There must be at least 80 gigs of assets and code in here across hundreds of files! You notice the names 'Snapfire' and 'Vspirit', which vaguely remind you of something, back in September, that Bruno rudely kept trying to tell you about during an important game of beer pong.

Who did this? What happened here?

With a growing sense of confidence, you realise you must have done this. That week you spent on an absinthe bender with that new hire, was it Katy or Casey? Whatever her name was, she sure knew how to party. You thought you'd spent it staring at your hands in the company aquarium and trying to barf the alphabet, but now you realise you must have been coding up a storm during all those blackouts!

You sense a presence behind you, and looking up, you notice Julio, the janitor. He has huge bags under his bloodshot eyes and the posture of an exhausted man.

'Jesus, you look like shit,' you say.

'No, señor, my name is Julio', he replies.

'I didn't mean - sorry, Julio. Wait, weren't you here when I left last night?'

'Si, señor. '

'What have you been doing all this time?'

'Oh, this and that.' He smiles ruefully as he says this.

Well, enough chit-chat. You tap the button conveniently marked 'upload patch' and lean back in your chair. Another yearly bonus well earned.
Diary of a Valve employee, November 26th.
jett is banned from dota
and items from neutrals POG
wait outposts are really dank
6th player POG 
6th player POG 
NIGMA POG
Vro...much happy to you...birth gud vro...
Birth? Vro...
Dota is beautiful
And that's ok
I haven't watched either
Boomers Satisfied?
Did it appeal to your boomer sensibilities?
Anyone else getting Warcraft reforged?
Valve can’t count to three though
:^)
Wait, its on the official valve youtube
POG
Asmongold encounters a black Kul'tiran who is cosplaying Uncle Ruckus
Asmongold encounters a black Kul'tiran who is cosplaying Uncle Ruckus
Arright I’m bouta head out chief
Xd
Thank you Alex
but what is parasite
but what is parasite
also there are monkey people
10/10
I just decieved a necromancer and stole the shield he promised me while we were talking
Its pretty dank so far
It's a separate game made by a indie company
I found a game called Isle of Adalar that has a demo on steam
If any negus are looking for an rpg in the vein of oblivion but more modern
I actually watched a plot synopsis of death stranding last night
I actually watched a plot synopsis of death stranding last night
Temperamental young sky walker is, deny him rank of master I must
xd
Psychological horror
Xd
(pensive)
Still no gf
2019 almost over
Sup my booma 
Is it possible joe?
Yes
W E I G H T  D I S T R I B U T I O N
xdddddddddddddddd
THEY FUCKING DID IT BRAVO - Alex Jones
He's getting the band back together
A man of culture
Kapp
Reptilian
Real dentist shit?
I’d call qt by his tag if I saw him irl
Tfw you realize Murray failed the vibe check in Joker feelsgoodman
vibe chek
Real shit?
[B]oolishness, the GabeN's decree is no trifling matter
big true
this is true
Not very blessed its gotta be said
Don’t let that sink in
xd
Day 5
Day 4
Day 3
What are the steaks
Diablo 4 Cinematic POG
Diablo 4 POG
Diablo 4 POG
I'm in there like swimwear
Begone coomers 
Oh very good work
Xdddddddddd
Y
Y
I just leveled sneak and acrobatics to 100 in oblivion and im still only level 1 and in the starting prison feelsgoodman
P H I S H
xd
this is important
We need solid answers people
xd
B O W L I N G shoes
xd
For you ;^)
Major vro moment
Kapp
Basically what happens when anyone in this chat gets philosophical
Only a real negus will be able to interpret all these meaningless images correctly
I wont have a good day
no
That’s true
But it is nothing, it’s true
I apologize for tapping elbows xd
Exactly
If we’re talking fucking for the sake of fucking it’s a different game altogether
Besides the clapping itself
But see there was a goal to attain
Well there you go
That is pretty chadly ngl
Lmao
I think a real chad knows when to pass something up and when to go balls deep
As someone who is pretty picky
See, I don’t think there’s anything wrong with being picky
It’s true just gotta make that leap
Quite large facts right here
Xdddddddddddddd
That is true
That’s probably a safe thing to do
2 W E E K S
It’s not like it was crazy or anything, I’m just not sure what to make of it really
Yeah
It also may have happened to myself recently xd
Just curious
I should’ve shot sooner tbh
Yeah, that’s how it be
As you should
Now this sounds like a nutty tale
Now this sounds like a nutty tale
It’s true
Xddddddddd
That is also true
Sadly
Yeah I’m inclined to think former is better
Xd
Is it better to be rejected outright or is it better to have that person admit that if they were single they would go out with you?
Guys I got a question for you
Very cool thank you Kanye 
a negus gotta give this another listen
y blizz copy pasta Wakanda as a hero
y sneak trap
Oh very spicy
It’s true
xd
jett got the reference
You are sus
Xd
Vro u r maek me laugh
You don’t have to restart?
xd
Talking about hegemonies
Here I go again
Uh oh
Hegemony
Hehe
let us enjoy a hearty chuckle
I too do not enjoy this hero in league
Theres a plainness about it that upsets me
Because I know Bandai published it because Miyazaki said fuck off no more dark souls
But I gotta shit on code vein
I'm sorry memelo
not very POG its gotta be said
and his name is literally Skull King
the artstyle makes me sad
We don't know what AI wants
Also, one thing to point out, we are assuming AI wants what we think it wants
^ pretty much
I think we should expand our thinking if we think AI means the end of all meaningful work
AI would be very useful
I don't think we should stop development of AI
Beautiful, just beautiful
Aight vro imma head out
Xd
I dont know what you see, but I see a Roshan statue and an Aegis of Champions ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
might have to give GabeN my entire networth for this one
Artifact 8.0 sounds pretty hype ngl
H O U S I N G
Housing?
Artifact 7.0?
Artifact 6.0?
Artifact 5.0?
Y
Society
Talos Worship POG
Joe struggles for a good amount of time to understand the argument for reality being a simulation xd
oh a negus knows it
Oh? You’re listening to the rogan and bostrom?
Oh? You’re listening to the rogan and bostrom?
Artifact 4.0? POG
POG 
Artifact 3.0?
joe mama
xd
its probably joe
That feel when you literally go "I sleep" while you're mid way through an argument feelsgoodman
human need job because human have feeling, computer no feel, computer no need job
Exactly, which is why it’s worth convincing them to change their minds
Those people are disfranchised and vote for someone who will listen to them 
You’re right, and you know why trump won right?
I’m not advocating for any of those things
Which is investment
Sunk cost was a bad euphemism for what I was really trying to get at
You don’t seem to get it, they’re already alive, their existence is an investment given the resources they took up to be raised, it’s wasteful to throw that away by saying they’re screwed and they need to figure things out for themselves
You don’t seem to get it, they’re already alive, their existence is an investment given the resources they took up to be raised, it’s wasteful to throw that away by saying they’re screwed and they need to figure things out for themselves
And not productive 
Just telling them to fuck off and die is profoundly wasteful
No one said we need the people, but the fact of the matter is they exist and we need to make them useful regardless of how automation affects them
So they could contribute, we just need to figure out how
That maybe be because we don’t know how to maximally exploit their abilities just yet
Because people would literally be dying in droves
And you would know if it was
The earth isn’t overpopulated
Thank you, welcome to my ted talk
What I forgot to add to my argument
No feeling bad
Feeling good
Can’t fail the vibe check now
Hey hey people, Sseth here
Someone didn’t use the secret cheese 👀
WaoW
Ye
S L I M E
And he'd probably bounce like this
I would bow to him in the street if he passed by
Truly this nibba has the divine right
look at him
gets my vote for president
the blue slime king
I like the water guy
insanity
Aight I just saw what it was about and haven’t even watched it, this shits garbage
Let’s go dunkley
Oh, but I did ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
To convince you to not end it all
Here are some memes
I am a rock
No
stoned
Valve literally needs to just have the turrets from Portal made and setup through their offices xd
Also
My only response
tldr's and addendums POG
but Arthas, my son is only in common
because if so, that's pretty epic
Wait is that an actual pillow memelo?
It has parts in latin and common I think
state functions Omegalul
state functions Omegalul
Milo, the secret to beating that boss is right in front of you
I actually never knew the lyrics for these songs were in Common and they were actually saying things relevant to what was happening
I am minecraft
Miencraft? xd
I couldn't help it though, any color than gray or white was good Smorc
Part of me wants to play classic just because im not a retarded kid who would ninja loot everything anymore xdddddd
Its quite nutty
I actually get so much nostalgia from hearing this
Reject the false dichotomy, embrace the third position
Reject the false dichotomy, embrace the third position
You could also instead listen to eggcellent music from WoW
I actually happen to know someone from Kentucky who goes to USC xd
It was a coordinated effort to undermine the CCP xd
Same?
oh eggcellent
Do you have any military?
my negus gotta stabilize his supply chain and keep the cash a flowin
now thats a major bruh moment
This video is oddly enthralling
vibe check
Those were the strongest donkeys we could buy
Get Murphy and Eddie on the case
Xddddd
Have you started moving large quantities of hash on the backs of naruto running weebs yet?
Have you started moving large quantities of hash on the backs of naruto running weebs yet?
Xd
Oh look at this guy playing kenshi
Sadly there is not though
That is also true
And there should be
But there could be
But there could be
There’s no crunch wrap supreme in it
Oh the new naruto series?
CRUNCH WRAP
Impossible the crunch wrap is supreme
Let’s be honest, it’s all about the crunch wrap supreme, my negusi
Sub 6ft gang rise up 😎
very cool
Jojo
Ez glap
Had a feeling that was a marx quote
I recommend dota 2 to anyone who has the will (and brainpower) to play it : ^ )
I recommend dota 2 to anyone who has the will (and brainpower) to play it : ^ )
wrong, but alright
and then become a drug dealer
its time to get Divinity Original Sin 2 and become a farmer
alright
My particles provide all the contrast I need GabeN Clap
imagine not being able to read the Dota 2 map xd
Our eyes are yet to open.

Fear the Elden Ring.

ahhh you were at my side all along.. my true interest... my elden ring..
Miyazaki: Oh, dear, another dogged contender. Welcome, fanboy, purloiner of Elden Ring. Mind you, the release date interests me none. The gameplay trailer, the gamescon presentation, let it all fade into nothing. You've done quite enough, now have your Bloodborne Kart.
this is some real negus shit yall wouldnt understand
DUngeons and duckers being streamed for Midas Mode 2 POG
Fedex man fix wifi
abyss watchers 2.0?
I do like to bring that dark chocolate our group so sorely lacks
I do like to bring that dark chocolate our group so sorely lacks
DOTA PLUS UPDATE MEGA POG
its true
Axe is Ricardo Milos
ogre magi is shrek
that's who dat be
yeee
like Witch Doctor with a Caprisun and Gun
for the tournament xd
and certain heroes have custom models
and the items are a little different and autistic
also the map has all this meme shit covering it and its like a deep fried meme
then rosh attacks normally I think
xd
and the roshan is controlled by someone wearing a VR headset and he attacks as fast as the person can punch
they let players control certain creeps
the player controlled creeps and VR roshan are pretty dank memes
midas mode is actually pretty hype
Excellent spaghetti
big pog 
GABEN ANNOUNCES OPENING OF MIDAS MODE
Xd
Ah, a fellow fat baby 
A negus really out here furrifying
Damb
Very understandable 
What distinguishes the genders
Xd
I like to think I was born late because I understood that being a baby was kind of the ideal state of being
Yeah they’re pretty good
It’s true
And a bit dried out 
So they had to induce labor, and at that point I was probably a bit overdeveloped for a new born baby so I was around 10 lbs when I was born
So basically I was overdue, and that wouldn’t have been a problem if I wasn’t so overdue because at that point the amniotic fluid was beginning to dry up
Alright
I’ll regale you with the tale of my birth
Thanking you vros
Xddddddddddddddddd
Vros...thanking you 
Quite enormous factuals
Very large POG 
Xd
No, impossible 
xd
Wait but I was born on the 23rd
China man smoking opium pipe, China man smoking opium pipe
I wont change your mind
No
I’m actually a bit surprised
Idk why
Bruh
Like it wasnt just he was trying to hit on her
Like it wasnt just he was trying to hit on her
It was legit stalker stuff
Yeah, but it’s just kind of nutty
This is actually a major bruh moment
BRUH
ITS FUCKING YAHN
This is cucking nutty
Look who it is
Look at this
Yo guys
Xd 
Someone has to
Xd
Slavery?
Brat is your top one
Or maybe it was primal hunter
Excuse you, it was "primal"
Arright I’m coming over
Very Japanese 
Thank you 🇯🇵 
 Very cool
Joe rogan is looking at you
I’ll head there now
Oh very cool
Ye
Where is elder scrolls Skyrim 6?
is that you?
TOdd?
alright when we hanging
xd
Pewdiepie Nazi confirmed?
Gamer oppression is real
E🅱️ic style?
EG Ramzes POG
Arteezy, Abed, Ramzes666, Cr1t, Fly

You’re boolish for not waiting
Vro
Thank you
Alright Milo's pad at the beach
Alright Milo's pad at the beach
when are we shrooming with matts pad
aright memelo
When go to memelo house?
xd
and then gets cucked by a bbc
The early bird eats the ass
A N I K I
Its true
why does it make that face
:^)
I don't
This says something about the society we live in
Whats wrong with bbc?
Thou wisheth to be cuckolded by the bbc?
You want to be cucked by black guys?
I think it was men ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
like he had a lot of fans there
apparently he was pretty big in japan
AGH my shoulder!
very manly
very gachi
later
we will never hang out
Z O O M E R
It's the year 2034

TI24 has just concluded with Ice (Malaysia), Iceice (China), Iceiceice (Singapore), and breakout duo Iceiceiceice (New Zealand) + Iceiceiceiceice (Ghana) being crowned this year's TI champions. They are the first team to finally beat OG in the finals, ending OG's TI winstreak which started at TI8.

Dota is mostly the same game as it always has been, except for the addition of voice commands into the game, which has made keyboards obsolete. Players now shout spell and item usage at their computers, creating an advantage for players who can speak at a rapid pace. Most notably, ODPixel and Sheever's daughter is quickly rising as one of the most sought-after players in the world, after having picked up her father's insane speech pacing. Renowned for being the world's best Invoker combo reciter, she can recite the full tornado &gt; deafening blast &gt; meteor combo a full second faster than the second fastest player, Miracle Jr.

The scene is thriving and healthy. T2/T3 teams are sustainably supported. Seasonal payouts are more equitably distributed, with TI still being Dota's annual culminating event. Gender and regional representation in the scene is rich and diverse. And of course, Purge transcended this mortal realm to become a celestial intelligence that brings the gift of Dota 2 to other worlds. SirActionSlacks has also transcended, and now exists as a sentient pair of Slacks, holding a position at Valve as the Executive Entertainment Officer for all Dota events.

See you all at TI25!
It could be
🦍🦍🦍🦍
You're a 2010 meme david
Dont schniff at me
Dont schniff at me
Boss Rush mod for Sekiro is pretty good
Why
[B]echies
It really is
Alch nerfed so hard Peruvians put it in a Peruvian newspaper 
Alch nerfed so hard Peruvians put it in a Peruvian newspaper 
Now I am considering doing this
I just watched a video where Joe rogan said he took an edible in Hawaii and talked to a dolphin about conciousness
Slavoj zizek is that u?
It is RIGHT there
It’s true
its right there though
we in dicksword
any real negusi in the chat?
Gotta bless up
Oh very large factuals
Mobster up?
To Jett’s meme fiesta
I’ll head over for later
That feel when you’re so rich in starsector you could probably afford to send invasion fleets to take all the core worlds and become the sole power in the sector
Yeah 
Someone’s probably going to livestream it
They will all get in
It really be like that
Yeah it’s pretty good 
Yeah
Wut
Cool, thanks!
As would I.
Haha
I do not think I will
See you then
What's up?
Oh hi
Pm sent
6 pm?
xd
Mars have you gotten a Paragon Battleship in starsector?
Fair enough.
Xd
(party)
I am just curious
That's the spirit!
I am online now
I am available now
Hooray!
You first
(laugh)
What's yours?
JRHNBR
What’s my last name though? 🤔
Correct.
Guess
Nods
This guy
Thanks for checking!
I too am out of commission until my computer has been diagnosed and treated
Woo!
Boomer!
Boomer detected
Mars can’t differentiate between different types of furry porn?
I thought that was going elsewhere xd
Ok
Oh
Hwat 
(y)
(laugh)
(laugh)
Loud
My pleasure!
That’s a plus one pepega for you
Here you go sir
:)
That's the spirit!
Let’s not jump to conclusions and talk out of our asses like a bunch of autistic sperglords :)
I would wait until they put out an official statement
Time to get that social credit
Neighborhood Facebook? POG
What did they say?
POGU
I thinj
I can make it
F
:)
:)
You are very welcome
Come on then
Gracias
(laugh)
:)
Now you are
You should be
You are very welcome
Nice!
Nice
that video is very accurate
You gotta fight remnants because they drop shitloads of ai cores
I found where im suppose to get more alpha cores
youre boofing me?
when are we booling
alright
Yeah, me too
🅱️ogu🅱️amp
Glorious
🅱️oolish
:)
It's mine too
What's your name?
Real 🅱️ooling hours?
skype POGU
 gachi is manly
(laugh)
Very gachi
Lol
Xd
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
But it does
Does this describe yourselves when you have an epic gamer moment?
:)
Oh yeah, I do
Maybe next week
Yeah 
Don’t slacks urself 
Xd
Auto response got very cerebral right there
Whoa
Capitalism
Any real negusi?
I bet it is
:)
Oh yes, haha
(laugh)
:)
Haha, I guess so
Now I am
(tongueout)
Very gachi
(laugh)
Gracias
(sad)
:)
I bet it is
(laugh)
Oh yes
Ｆｒｏｍ ｔｈｅ Ｇｈａｓｔｌｙ Ｅｙｒｉｅ Ｉ ｃａｎ ｓｅｅ ｔｏ ｔｈｅ ｅｎｄｓ ｏｆ ｔｈｅ ｗｏｒｌｄ， ａｎｄ ｆｒｏｍ ｔｈｉｓ ｖａｎｔａｇｅ ｐｏｉｎｔ Ｉ ｄｅｃｌａｒｅ ｗｉｔｈ ｕｔｔｅｒ ｃｅｒｔａｉｎｔｙ ｔｈａｔ ｔｈｉｓ ｏｎｅ ｉｓ ｉｎ ｔｈｅ ｂａｇ！
(cwl)
yes
reel shit?
real shit?
Fewer
when are we memeing?
alright when are we doing it?
(y)
(smile)
Healthy
I bet it does
Happened
What happened?
Mars is just playing drunk chicken
axe persona pog
also immortal treasure 3 pog
waow
Okay, I will not
Okay, I will not
What day?
Yeah, it happens
It’s time for Michaels slam jam
When are we meeting
Alright negus
I said hi
I said nothing
(cry)
I think so
Yang Gang
After a long day of work and college, you are finally free of your obligations. It’s Friday and you have the whole night for yourself! After doing some exercises, taking a very nice shower and having a delicious meal, you look at your computer and say

– Time for DOTO –

Banning phase is over and you see people fighting over mid and HC. You decide to be a teamplayer and first pick a support. CM is nice and you have her arcana. Morale rises up and everyone picks accordingly. Seems like you might have a nice game after all. You see the enemy team. It seems mid will be their last pick. “What hero will they pick? you wonder”.

Invoker perhaps? Annoying pick, but you can deal with him.

What about Lina? Niche pick, but seems like a decente hero for their team.

Maybe mid Pudge lol? You joke to yourself.

After giving a quick check to the banned heroes, you see that the “hero” you tried to ban wasn’t banned...

Time comes to a halt. Everything goes silent. Your room loses all the color. Everything around you seems devoid of life with the exception of the monitor screen.

3 seconds left. They still haven’t picked.

-M-maybe they will just go for Invoker.

2 seconds left.

-Lina?

1 second left;

-haha they will just throw and pick Pudge.

It’s already -2 seconds and they still haven’t picked. Maybe they will just get an abandon and you will be saf...

TINKER!

You stare at the screen, but you are not sure you are really there. It's all over...
Well, now I know
My guy really over here using linear regression to analyze data
The only way
We must know!
A bruh moment it’s true
What is that?
Now I know
What does that mean?
It's super effective!
My mistake.
Correct.
Flair
Go hawks!
And why?
Xd
Where?
always getting baked
You nibbas is potatoes
Yeah, me too
Xd
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
(y)
(laugh)
:)
I do not want you
I am excited for you
I am worried
EGGcellent 
Fair enough.
What did you have?
Okay, let me know
Alright, sounds good
(laugh)
Thank you Kanye 
Berry cool
(laugh)
You already know
Deep
Haha, I guess
(laugh)
Well, you are welcome
Berry cool memes, berry nice 👍 
Meme
Pardon?
Pardon?
Salam
:)
Oh yes, haha
Oh? Really nigga? On Ross?
What year?
Hehe
What do you like?
Well played skype
(laugh)
Rickie actually slaps pretty hard
What's your name?
Understandable.
xd
Do not worry about it.
Real negus hours?
Yep.
Earfquake
Xd
Not cool at all
Very cerebral
Xd
Vro...I hate study vro....
Vrooooo....
:)
:)
:)
(laugh)
I bet I do
Xddddd
EGGcellent ramen session everyone
Xd
The new song by tyler
Yeah
Lawyer up.
Like it’s very cerebral
Jesus Christ auto response is really popping off
Not washed up POG
Nice!
Pun
Alright, let's go
at killer noodle?
so we meet at noon?
Haha, no problem
You are level 6
I like pizza
Potato
Xd
You’re a udon dipping noodle 
I didn’t finish the ramen, that’s how spicy it was
Unenjoyable*
It was highly i enjoyable to say the least
:)
Yeah, I know you do
It was off menu spicy
I don’t think you know how spicy the ramen I had was
I’ve already done a super spicy ramen challenge though
Killer noodle
Where be the place
I could probably make it then
Salad
It depends when you guys are going
I mean, i could make it 
But this is what we in the business call unlucky
I would if I didn’t have an exam on the 5th
:)
Correct.
Xd
:)
You must be smelling your own stench my guy
(cwl)
:)
:)
:)
What are you studying?
For my exam the next day
For I must study
I cannot sadly
I am crying
(cwl)
Who am I?
I don’t even know what this is 
(laugh)
He will never make a lofi indie EP using that beat
One of us
:)
Oh okay, then
David your brother is addicted to Dota Underlords
:)
Your loss, sir
Mainly because its incredibly easy to unintentionally grief your teammates
Its the pinnacle of internet autism
Get Mordhau you apes
:)
Is it ever?
No one does
I am sure it does
:)
Hehe
Moshi Moshi, Running low on QT's, need back up, arigato
(laugh)
Xd
Sir I am black
(cwl)
Oh yes, I know
:)
I think you did
I am sure you are
:)
Be safe
:)
Nahaz of Rivia
Ez Glap
Too old
(laugh)
Motto
Blessing of the birthday be upon you diegus 
mordhau time
xd
No, it's true
fucc u
:)
I am just kidding
BIG HAT ROGAN
It’s true
(y)
Xd
:)
It was worth it
Conmunity is an EGGcellent show
Oh shit auto response actually has good taste
Community
I am watching tv
Haha, you are welcome
Good for you
(sad)
Same
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhh
:)
No, they will not
No, they will not
Thank you china
That feel when both decently priced items you put on the steam store have been bought by the same Chinese account 🤔🤔🤔
(laugh)
(laugh)
(cry)
I respect it
why david
See you soon
and I'm gonna need that TPS report michael
alright negus, time for a conference call to discuss the state of the company
rip etika
Good choice
:)
No, fuck you
(laugh)
idk
xdd
The epic elden ring theme on Soundcloud
OCH SPELAR LITE DOTA
VI SITTER HAR I VENTEN
(laugh)
That's the one!
Haha, no problem
Yes, it is
:)
I hope you are too
:)
I am not a liar
Auto response is truly amazing
Xd
:)
Go back
Woo!
:)
OC btw
Flair
This was meant to follow
Joji is different guys
Guys, Philip works at the ramen shop right outside Danech's house
(laugh)
Tell me your best Elden Ring Theories
Alright negusi
:)
:)
Give him a glap bois, give him a glap in chat
(laugh)
Haha, I do not know
:)
I hope so
Good morning to you too
What the duck POG
Howdy
Sandstorm
J O E ‘ S  E N T I R E  B E I N G
Oh okay, cool
It’s jordy going at himself
Oh boy
(laugh)
hop into dicksword if you wish to confer
conference call time
arright
Cool, thanks!
Hehe
:)
Fair enough.
Hehe
Major bruh moment
Who is pedro
Who is pedro
Good morning to you too
(laugh)
Sir
Excellent!
(y)
:)
I know you can
You can say that
Exactly.
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
Twitch
What server?
Don’t you scout those rolls
Go ahead
Why not?
Oh okay, then
Reopened!
Alright, sounds good
I did indeed
Good morning to you
Cheers!
A negus is finished with finals
No, I would not
:)
Ha!
I like pizza
Look at this mittens
He’s so big and strong
I love Bronson 
:)
I got that reference 🅱️arsa 
No, of course not 
USDA, all natural, free range, organic trailer for you sir
USDA, all natural, free range, organic trailer for you sir
This nibba really over here
Damb
Not elden ring?
I hope so
:)
You should be
Indeed you are
Truly genius
:)
You already know
I want one
Retard
Too late
(smile)
:)
I think you know
That's a minus 1
Sir, stop projecting
Vermintide 2 PVP ?!?!?!??!!
Vermintide 2 PVP ?!?!?!??!!
(sad)
That's okay.
They took the fortnite money and said fuck it
That's how you know they know they cant compete with Mordhau
Its a Epic Store Exclusive xddddddddddddddddd
B-But, its the original medieval combat gaym
That's a yikes from me sir
Elden Ring will have Sekiro style combat but with Dark Souls RPG elements POG
(laugh)
(smile)
Rejoice negusi, Elden Ring is coming
:)
ELDEN RING TRAILER POG
Guys lets be honest, the real reason we kill giants in skyrim is to steal their mammoth cheese
How does this song make you feel about the artist?
Look forward!
It is called Lothric
(smile)
Real shit?
Well, now I am
Neither am I
I am not complaining
Good morning to you too
Nods
Good morning to you
Real negus shit?
Thank you!
Do you accept?
Lautrec is passing you the boof
(y)
:)
(cwl)
Thanks, I appreciate it
:)
Buddy
Sloth
Inconceivable!
This image confuses me
Ha!
POG
was acutally named Elden Ring
Project Great Rune
The goyim know
(laugh)
That's what I thought
Nice meme
:)
I guess we are
Real shit?
(laugh)
Oh okay, then
Is it in Tandoori Chicken?
:)
You tell me
That's the spirit!
Oh wait are we suppose to have our characters hot and fresh out the kitchen?
:)
Maybe you do
Baldur's Gate 3 POG
The Memecast Dream Experience?
The Memecast
It shall be
Well, I guess
Alright so when are we making the podcast?
None at all
autoresponse is getting spicy
autoresponse is getting spicy
Lol xd
Woo!
On Ross?
Really?
xd
Joe "waterboarding is legit" Rogan
(cwl)
(laugh)
Like where?
Four
One
Mars meant to type Chad
chad*
alright conference call time
Korean Jesus is ripped
I guess so
What about Korean Jesus?
Because that's basically what Christianity is ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Are you telling me you wouldn't want to have Jesus grab you and raw you while he tells you about his ideas of love and peace?
Precisely.
I think its a high level meme
Guys is Asmongold the king of classic?
slacks goes crazy
(laugh)
Just to suffer?
Why are we still here?
Real shit?
Thanks again!
Thank you very much!
I love this song
There we go
There we go
Haha, you know me
That's the one!
In space
Excellent!
Hows the progress on the campain memelo?
Haha, thank you
That too haha
(y)
:)
My mistake.
What do they mean
The numbers
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
(laugh)
What's your name?
You already know
(y)
:)
I appreciate it
INCELS
That's what I thought
(sad)
Joe McChimpston
(laugh)
Its true
Real farming hours?
I do not have one
(laugh)
Why yes, I did ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
That our ancient human ancestors let dudes who were built like this smash?
That our ancient human ancestors let dudes who were built like this smash?
Guys can we take a second to appreciate
Remind myself of where I can from xd
So I had to remind myself
I forgot which chat was the main one
Whats up niggas?
(laugh)
Its time for the Civ 5 Grand Slam Meme Fiesta tonight
alright negusi
Indeed it does
Oh well, thanks
Nice meme
here I go
zooweemama
What do you know?
I did not think so
How bad?
Oh okay, then
What did they say?
Gates open!
Ever.
Ever.
Im not sure why, but I actually get hype for slapping contest videos
Because of this
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
:)
Precisely.
Indubitably.
Conference call time
Thanks, you too
Yet.
Do not we all
When you see the boys
(laugh)
But it was not
OCEAN MAN
(y)
(smile)
Hooray!
Huzzah!
I can finally live out my fantasy of being a futuristic UPS man
(laugh)
Zooweemama death memeing
I guess so
Yes, indeed
Lol
How did you sleep?
Feelsgoodman
Of course not
:)
(laugh)
Then who?
This video is deeply cerebral
Fair enough.
(laugh)
In thy pilgrimage from the negusi asylum journey to the land of ancient nibbas
I missed it
(cwl)
:)
I never left
Yeah, they are
The scepter changes are a bit nutty
I do not know haha
Dota 2 Scepter update POG
Hooray!
Me too
This year
looks like a completely different game
Its nutty
Yeah, it is
Don't do it, Anakin!
Yeah, I guess
Fiction
any real negusi in existence?
That's what I like to hear
To nail down your sins
I carry this hammer
(y)
:)
Good choice
Xd
And it only deepened my hunger for dnd
I found this video
Come on and slam
A slam?
This Sunday?
Oh?
(laugh)
(laugh)
(y)
:)
(laugh)
(laugh)
What song is that?
Hehe
Fantano gave Igor 9/10
So when are we DnD?
(laugh)
:)
Fair enough.
Like, I feel being small made being a shinobi easier
Why was Owl so big?
Never forget the Iron Code, Wolf.
:)
(laugh)
Thank you George 
Berry cool
Xddddddddddd
From softwares next project rumored to be open-world horse riding simulator that George RR Martin consulted on
That works too
Or what?
You better be
xd
Keheheheheheheh, I can finally get back to work...
Yeah, I got a character idea
(y)
:)
I like that
:)
:)
No, you are
Alright guys, time to start a new DnD campaign
This video is just pure unadulterated autism
Is that a thing?
Why did Isshin come strapped with the heater after being resurrected?
Good and yours?
:)
Oh okay, then
Good choice
The ashina elite are probably my favorite
Whats your guys favorite mini boss?
:)
I do not think I will
Which sucks because I wish it wasnt
end game combat arts
One mind is probably one of the worst
(tongueout)
but after combining it with divine confetti and yashariku's sugar, its actually one of the best in the game
I thought dragon flash was a pretty meh combat art when I first got it
Spam divine confetti xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
more like
Yhorm's great machete?
What's the difference?
:)
I mean, ideally you're mid-ranging them and not being totally defensive, especially against Emma
I mean, ideally you're mid-ranging them and not being totally defensive, especially against Emma
Have at it. Tear her apart.
Wolf. I leave this to you.
Not bad at all.
My, my...
A disgrace!
Would be quite the insult.
But to oppose the daughter of the late Lord Dougen
But to oppose the daughter of the late Lord Dougen
It seems we have a...troubling guest.
With this, our supreme reign will...
I expected no less from you, my boy
The best thing ever
That feel when someone finally makes the full genichiro cosplay mod with Isshin's sword included POG
Gn 
I love Bronson 
Neither am I
I respect that
As you should
yeee
You know me
Soft and Wet
(laugh)
:)
(y)
I thought so
Soon
:)
What is the difference?
oh? the space commies?
Precisely.
(sad)
OK RETARD
It's very true
I hear that
Are you going to?
That ash seeketh ember
And so it is
is getting mixed reviews
RAGE 2 everyone
Hesitation is defeat
Is what im saying
The intonation isn't what throws me off
That's not even the issue I see with it, it literally just sounds like someone spliced a bunch of sound bytes together to make sentences
(laugh)
That picture of joe is really something though
I was looking for that
Society
What are you now?
(y)
:)
Speak for yourself 
(laugh)
I'm a bloomer
(laugh)
There we go
:)
You're a retard
If you're not a bloomer
Approved
Spoilers!
What's your name?
No, it does not
If you're not a bloomer
That's unfortunate
You are welcome
:)
Oh okay, then
This is Joe reacting to the idea
If you think about it Chimps don't have access to the best training regimens and nutrition, so we haven't seen them in the best physical condition, but the truly crazy thing is we haven't seen chimps do any kind of MMA, and the even crazier thing is we haven't seen Chimps on DMT in peak physical condition do MMA
Why would it be an exploit if fromsoft left it in? (think)
Hesitation is defeat, Memelo
Thank you auto response 
Ciao
It’s the hot new thing
:)
Same
Hehe
:)
It was for me
It was pretty easy actually
Huzzah!
Artorias build is complete
(laugh)
That's what I thought
exactly
Cant wait for GoT 2
GoT is very cool, very good show
(laugh)
- the Honkler
Get a load of this society
(laugh)
Xd
I mean, it keeps them off the streets, so I’d say it’s a net win xddddddddddddddd
:)
Does it though?
is epic
now this
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
Wakanda Forever
:)
Indubitably.
Yeah, I do
On jimbo slice
On Jah
Which is double what you should have endgame
But I have 26 attack power right now
xdddddddddddddddddd
heehe
heehe
Yeah, I got all skills
But I wanted to see how much of a difference saving all your skill points for attack power conversion would make
Not that I didn't have any skills though
Like I killed the Divine dragon in 4 lightning strikes instead of the usual 7-8
Like I killed the Divine dragon in 4 lightning strikes instead of the usual 7-8
It doesn't scale incredibly well, but any damage more than what the dev's anticipate you'll have at that point in the game gives you a significant advantage
especially with confetti and yasharikus sugar
and that is way more than enough to utterly cheese any endgame enemies
which means youll have about 20-22 attack power atleast
which is on top of the attack power you get from bosses
Which becomes 10 attack power
But if you clear the game without dying too much, you get about 50 skill points by the time you reach Fountainhead
Correct.
I killed Sword saint in like less than a minute
Hesitation is defeat btw
in Sekiro
Not spending any skill points on skills and saving it all for end game to convert into attack power is fairly legit
So uh, my experiment has come to fruition and the data is out
Nice!
real negusi shit?
oh?
I can FINALLY get back to work
With this new GPU
That's what I like to hear
Give me points
Can sugma 
This.
Use my link u fucks
:)
That's what I thought
Well, now I know
Tell me how
Address?
Where are you at?
Over in Tennessee 
Older than the trees
Life is old there
Shenandoah River
Blue Ridge Mountains
West Virginia
Almost heaven
"I looked forward in time, I saw 14,000,605 battle cups" "How many where we win?"
Avengers : Endfast
:)
See you then
You guys ever had the Balder Side Sword drop and had to make your knight into a dex build because that shit is a stupidly rare drop
Only real negus play dark souls remastered
(laugh)
Because that shit was actual gold
Did anyone watch the slapping video?
:)
Gracias
Can we define real negus hours?
I guess so
Okey retardo 
Haha, I guess
Yes the acquisition of the dmt is required Jett 
When is birthday memelo?
(laugh)
Its legal in colorado
Aight Colorado shroom time
Xd
You are welcome
That's the spirit!
A shinobi should know the difference between honor and victory
Because Owl is definitively shown to be stronger than Genichiro in the shura ending
Alright guys lets discuss the power level rankings of the characters in Sekiro
Indeed they are
My finest work
Xd
Why can’t you understand your fathers will?
Why, boy?
:)
And if you don’t you just an actual Neanderthal 
Oh yes, haha
I hope so
(laugh)
(sad)
Haha, you already know
Oh ye of little faith
Dark Souls 4 is gonna happen
Good.
:)
Hehe
(laugh)
Yare yare daze
Whomstdve
(y)
(laugh)
You gave milo the idea so he could do it by himself, truly an inspired moment
You gave milo the idea so he could do it by himself, truly an inspired moment
Genius
For the sake of this discussion we do have the soul to give us clarity but the upon the earth was planted an irrevocable poison, a soul-eating demon.
Uhhhhh same
:)
(cwl)
What would you do?
Guys if we were given souls to grant us clarity and at the same time an irrevocable poison, a soul-eating demon was planted upon the earth
I am in town
On the first day, man was granted a soul, and with it, clarity. On the second day, upon Earth was planted an irrevocable poison; a soul-devouring Demon.
Very big 21 vro
vroooo
Just clap her daughter
I think I will
Mars did you smash?
Any real negus?
(laugh)
Xd
:)
You said that
A shinobi should know the difference between honor and victory - some asshole who cheated but still couldn't win regardless xdddddd
You cheated not only the game, but yourself. You didn't grow. You didn't improve. You took a shortcut and gained nothing. You experienced a hollow victory. Nothing was risked and nothing was gained. It's sad that you don't know the difference.
Sekiro is actually very forgiving until you play it in actual hard mode
Fair enough.
I am sure you do
What do you see?
yes that too
xd
Computer withdrawal
Yuck
I'm going through withdrawal
Is she white?
I hope Mars clapped that shit like it owed him money
:)
Haha, I guess
The internet’s busiest music nerd?
Anthony Fantano?
Just for me
:)
I know I did
I do not think I did
I do not think I do
And why?
Yeah, pretty much
Auto response really popped off right there
Can I help?
Silly auto response didn’t have the one I wanted xd
:)
I can’t do that
I can’t do that
You do not have to
:)
This.
Ah yes! The spin! I can see the Fibonacci sequence is anything now!
T-The infinite rotation....
And it is
We r vro yes?
Vro
Cheers!
I mean same
:)
I just am
Just where I want to be
At the brink of maddness
Haha, I know
You either die a zoomer, or live long enough to see yourself become the honker.﻿
Old Knight model
These are the models I would pay for
This is some gold
Its beautiful
exactly, just imagine someone in their beautiful, painstakingly customized character getting the shit kicked out of them by some weird, awkward garbage-tier model
These would also be very good
Or one of these models, very dank
Or, if they ever release the super skinny human model, a warrior
Fat human paladin
I just want to be a fat paladin
Aight, wow can still go fuck itself
Can Kul'tirans still not be paladins?
Its true
That's awesome!
Im actually surprised how many views these Asmongold stream clips get
Haha, I noticed
I N T E N S E  R A C I A L  B I A S
I was reminded of the fact that Horde wins Arathi Basin like way more than Alliance, and I was curious if our resident Warcraftologist could answer that question
After watching this video
Actually I have a question for jett
the absolute lad
Ymfah does it again
but negus is as negus does
I did not think so
(laugh)
I guess
My pleasure!
I only advocated for his Sseth reactions
(laugh)
(laugh)
To download mods
:)
Yeah, it would
(laugh)
Bool
Is Epic
Now this
He probably feels very sad! that he has to return to his targ prison
Ladies and gentlemen, we got him
(y)
(smile)
xddddddddddddddd
Talking about league
Talking about league
Yes sir, he's right there
(cwl)
This is Sekiro, and thus instantly better
That's where you're wrong sir
I mean same 
On muh way
Cletus might be overkill if theres only 3 of us xdd
:)
:)
:)
Well, now you know
Well, I am not
I am still laughing
Asmongold reacting to Sseth's videos is actually pretty hilarious
arright
HOnk
Are we actually meeting at 4:20?
I guess you do
Indubitably.
Probably both.
(laugh)
Alright im at the pier
(laugh)
(laugh)
:)
:)
:)
Yes shit
A lot of his problems with the game boiled down to him not getting gud
So after watching that video
I bet it does
Oh, it does
I know it does
Who is that?
Thanks, I'll try
What shall be the meeting place?
I know xd
When shall we assemble?
Krappa xd
Why yes, it is
Don’t take my baby boy
Awesome!
Can I join?
Im always hyped when DnD presents me with moral dilemmas
Im always hyped when DnD presents me with moral dilemmas
Gracias
I do not know haha
I am always ready
:)
For when you were investigating the farmer and it turns out his daughter was a werezebra
For when you were investigating the farmer and it turns out his daughter was a werezebra
That's like the setting for a minor fight in a DnD campaign
That's the spirit!
are we assembling tomorrow for the memery?
Damn :(
The escaped targs are drawn to the skyrim like moths to a flame
Just like Todd intended
wait mars are you actually playing skyrim?
real negus shit?
(y)
(y)
(y)
:)
(smile)
What is yours?
What's yours?
What's yours?
What's your name?
What's your name?
(laugh)
This is discrimination 
I know I'm morbid at times
That's how I like to be
They call my dick a mammoth
You're salty you got a micro-d
Classic penis joke
Inserted with appropriate timing
Because if I ain't got a penis line
I ain't dining
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
(laugh)
(cwl)
real negus hours in dicksword
:)
I love cats
What company?
Haha, it's true
Just a few
BEEEEAAAACCCHHH  BOOIIIIIII
xddddddddddddddddddddddd
Doppio truly leads a blessed existence
:)
I try my best
I try my best
Thank you!
What guy?
in dicksword
Im already getting lit
I am watching
You're doing it wrong
If you're not vaping CBD
I guess so
Ha-ha, you fool! You fell victim to one of the classic blunders!
(laugh)
real negus hours?
(laugh)
I ain’t dining
Because if I ain’t got a penis line
Inserted with appropriate timing
Classic penis joke 
You’re salty you got a micro-d
They call my dick a mammoth
That’s how I like to be
I know I’m morbid at times
:)
Fair enough.
Xd
Exactly.
Correct.
(tongueout)
have this tuna cutting video
To celebrate
only real negroes communicate in dicksword
xd
you queer
so hopefully there will be no more problems
So I just replaced my monitor
Sir, youre under arrest
(y)
:)
(cry)
(cry)
Gates open!
I got you
Haha, you already know
Haha, you already know
Haha, I know
What server?
(laugh)
I bet you can
Feelsgoodman
that feel when people make good katana mods for Sekiro
And the dmt can be acquired 
Okay, let me know
Well, now you know
What's good?
Nibba bout to be slapped
:)
Good luck
Yeah,, no problem
I didn't say anything bad about the Philadelphia roll sir
Philadelphia roll?
You could never beat my basics
This guy actually typing in japanese
(laugh)
No ur ghey
(y)
(laugh)
(smile)
Oh well, thanks
Awesome thanks!
Do you know how to replace Kusabimaru with Genichiro's sword and attack range xd?
That feel when you make a mod request on the Nexus Forums in hopes someone makes it for you xdddddd
Are you guys gonna get rage 2?
Negus
(laugh)
Oh? Thou hast intimate knowledge of the homosexuals?
What do you know?
Perhaps
That gay men are in fact the superior male, primarily due to the fact they do not rely upon women
I have a theory
Ye
also using that mod that removes spirit emblem costs xddddddd
It didn’t change the mortal blade weapon art ranges, it changed muh base weapon range
I replaced mortal blade with ludwigs holy blade and it actually extended the attack range because it uses the attack range from BloodBorne
that replaces kusabimaru
the mortal blade one
That feel when you gotta get rid of the kusabimaru mod, but then replace it with a mod that inadvertently buffs it by extending the attack range feelsgoodman
:)
Haha, I guess so
Neither am I
Go to sleep
Woo!
exiles?
And not specify how this money was going to benefit notre dame xd
If we had really big brains we’d set up a donation for Notre Dame 
If we had really big brains we’d set up a donation for Notre Dame 
Now we just need to actually think of a good one xd
Alright how do we secure the bag
I didn't even know that until I watched the filthiest boss kills ultra shinobi instinct video
Haha, it's true
You guys really brainstormed a slew of ideas
aint even in discord
Haha, it's true
Hehe
Its does posture damage but not like what the leaping kicks did to sword saint
Which I will do as soon as I get home
That video inspired me to attempt to mod sekiro
xd
You do not know that
xd
Good luck man
:)
Good thing its a crutch I didn't need
This guy acting like he knew it did posture damage to sweep attacks
Like it literally fills half of Sword Saints posture meter with one leaping kick
I didn't realize Senpou Leaping Kicks absolutely shat on perilous sweep attacks though
I didn't realize Senpou Leaping Kicks absolutely shat on perilous sweep attacks though
It really was
:)
I mean theres a different skip that actually skips the boss entirely
I mean theres a different skip that actually skips the boss entirely
and the game counted that as a boss kill xd
Wait, he literally climbed a tower, jumped a wall, and then the retarded coding made him run off a cliff
yeah, and the funny thing is these are all legit ways to beat the bosses
This video is a beautiful shitpost
You know me
Time to mod Sekiro
(laugh)
If I have another Bruh moment I'm going hollow
:)
Just like Holy Guacamole 
Definitely worth it
That's too long
Wait when are we getting sake?
Cheers!
Champagne 
Alright get on quake champy
Very nice
That's what I thought
Oh okay, then
No, I was not
I am just kidding
I am on mobile
What song?
and lets grind gamers
get on
lets all play quake champions
alright
Return of the Senate POGU
What episode?
Yeah, it happens
A man cannot be blamed for what he does while ascended
:)
Xd
That feel when you nearly put the entire gallon of milk in the microwave instead of the glass you poured because you’re so high
dicksword time
fuck it
aright 
Yes, quite.
Verily.
Euphoric
(surprised)
Hehe
Thank you very much!
Yep
I can.
I thought you would
I liked it
Family guy
Family guy
I am watching tv
Haha, thank you
No problem!
My pleasure!
No problem!
Yep.
Haha, it's true
Ha!
See, if I was Todd Howard, I wouldn't be asking you to play an elder scrolls thing I would break into your home and download it without your permission xd
Guy
Auto response is really getting clean
I know xd
Oh okay, thanks
The Showdown in Joetown.
Super cool
Estus Waifu
(cry)
I concur.
I know haha
Mars really out here dipping
Damb
FIGHTING GOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Fair enough.
Wait Skype just popped off right there with that response
I am a woman.
Oh well.
Haha, it's true
Definitely worth it
big {D}ip hours
(cwl)
Thanks again!
:)
Weeb
Ha!
:)
He will never chug the sake
Let democracy decide
Make a poll
SACKEE
(y)
(cwl)
You gotta get a stealth kill then just fight him
Indeed it is
mini bosses aren't bosses tho (nerd)
If you're playing it correctly
Its more forgiving than dark souls
jk
Not for me
I know how
a banger
My pleasure!
Delivered.
Gates open!
Oh okay
Looks like it
How so?
wai where the poll
Just a bit
What song was it?
Indeed it is
Wow, I actually beat Isshin
Fair.
Fair enough.
I am not hungry
Nods
you should commit toaster bath
And if you say Clint Eastwood
Melancholy Hill
Im of course making reference to Nujabes song Battlecry
Would you guys describe yourself as sharp like the blade of a samurai sword?
Would you guys describe yourself as sharp like the blade of a samurai sword?
Yeah, you do
My pleasure!
My pleasure!
:)
No, they do not
:)
Okay, thanks anyway
Do you know why?
Which makes me appreciate it even more
But the format and the intro were like the intro to a shitpost video
Yeah, I do
That video is almost a shitpost
(cwl)
(cwl)
(laugh)
xd
Purchase your shitty munchie meal, while I choke to death on my beautiful superito
:)
Oh okay, then
It is right there after all
Why get Mongolian stir fry if I can just get Holy Guacamole?
Oh yes, haha
Haha, fair enough
they are at horchata
mars you fool
What's your name?
You are very welcome
There you go
I be late
:)
You might as well
It was like night and day after I did
I did
It was extremely effective
jerking off before fighting him
namely
I had to use the secret technique that they don't tell you about in the game
demon of hatred was one of the gayest bosses
on Jah
but he hath been clapped
I am on break
I am sure you are
You tell me
Arright
So when are we meet tomorrow
I knew it
:)
Perhaps.
Yes, it is
:)
Thought so
What's yours?
Yeah, I guess
Because really most of the game is optional
It’s not that difficult if you completely ignore everything but the main bosses
Apparently someone has already beaten Sekiro in under an hour
Yeah, you will
Basically.
And the people who live at the Fountainhead are literally fish people
It looked pretty Eldritch and Old Onesque
I mean, after fighting and defeating the divine dragon
Okay, for sure

Did you know that Sekiro is actually in the same universe as Bloodborne? When getting the Frozen Dragon Tear for the hidden ending the child mentions that the dragon blood does NOT originate from this land and that it comes from the "west". By this we can deduce that the dragons blood is actually the paleblood from Bloodbonre, making these games the same 
In Sekiro : Shadows Die Twice, you play as Nero, Guts of Rivia (a.k.a Big Boss). 
After losing everything and getting your arm chopped by your enemy you must attach a bunch of custom gadgets to fight otherworldly bosses.
I been had that one david
Sounds delicious!
I hope it is
What burger?
(sad)
It is called Lothric
Yes, indeed
So yesterday, I was talking with Danech when I saw this petite blonde white girl walking with this tall black dude. Understanding the comedy of this sighting I told Danech to look behind him. He immediately whips around faster than the speed of sound, looks right at the girl who looks back at him and lets out an enormous laugh that alerts everyone in a 100 mile radius that he just found something funny. My enjoyment was immeasureable and my day complete.
Thank you my friend
:)
This guy cant even play Sekiro :D
This guy cant even beat genichiro
(smile)
Guys don't drink coffee, Mormon tea, and hit the juul
no fuck u
Also that feel when you're stuck in Sekiro xdddd
Kappa
Epic is just trying to give the consumer better products by strong arming the market
have some travis scott
Secure it, if you would
Secure it, if you would
Get the bag
Go get it
That sweet sweet fortnite money
No problem, enjoy!
Kappa
Outer Worlds Epic Store exclusive PogU
Imagine not thinking dark souls is a game because you couldn’t beat abyss watchers xd
Imagine not thinking dark souls is a game because you couldn’t beat abyss watchers xd
Nice meme
Nice meme
Im ready for the new Sekiro:Samurai Jack edition
This guy really doesn't play sekiro before it comes out
Real Sekiro hours right now
Yeah, pretty much
and then you get aids and die
and then you find a portal that leads to Demon Souls
and then find the original painting that leads back to dark souls
You fight the bloodborne monsters
Ye, the painted world of yharnam
DLC
You know what that means
3 years btw
xd
its bigger
no
:)
(y)
A true FromSoftware fanstraight
Sekiro pre-load complete POG
Hehe
Ditto
I like trains
would a negus care to spar vs my lautrec build?
You tell me
Alright Milo milo when is the new campaign starting
Alright Milo milo when is the new campaign starting
Is big gay
But Aldrich faithful
Same
(y)
(laugh)
Oh okay, then
You said that
xd
and then the host of embers dies to mobs after like 5 minutes
and then the 4 phantoms run off because youre in anal rodeo and the silver knights are helping you
and you two fight
and theres someone cosplaying as Trusty Patches
That feel when you invade someone as Lautrec of Carim
What movie is it?
Possibly Elder God tier
Ymfah's latest video was a very high tier shitpost
Michael you were right
I am glad you like it!
Why is it?
Oh yes, haha
Awesome thanks!
with some fromsoftware embellishment of course
But I think they are going to literally do an overexaggerated version of what actually happened to the Ashina clan
who is also an actual figure from the sengoku period
and immortal hanbei
and the evil commander of the ashina
and your waifu healer
and a sculptor
and there is sekiro and his lord
All we know for a fact is that its set in the sengoku period and the Ashina clan is involved
That's not what the game says
that is related to the ashina clan
but that its an interpretation of actual history
Not that its soulsborne
Given that the knight is there
I think my theory will be correct
(laugh)
xd
Well, it is
is when he appears
2:37
making his barbaric grunting noises
swinging his enormous straight sword
The guy in western style plate armor
or Gaijin as the nipponese would call them
Knights in Sekiro
I was right
You already know
Ray is just out here trying to solve practical problems 
I know I did
[1552854182] Milo Amoore: 🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝


&lt;&lt;&lt; 
and understanding that is part of its beauty
Its a beautiful meme
No capes!
I want my yang gang swag
Same tbh
Go get it
Have a good one
You're all truly wonderful
:)
(smile)
:)
FeelsFuckingGoodMan
That feel when you manage to invade someone kill the two blue spirits they summon and 1v1 them and then point down
(laugh)
That’s racist 
Why is pokimane saying the n word
first let me look up some twink builds
I did you wrong. But, I didn't mean it. These...temptations, they can overcome me... You know what I mean? Don't you? Please, forgive me.
now I just wanna play dark souls remastered
now I just wanna play dark souls remastered
Fucking clerics
Heh heh, you got what you deserve! You damn clerics, you're worse than maggots! You must be loaded! I'll strip your corpse clean! Nyah hah hah hah!
Heh heh, this is what I do, my friend. The trinkets I'll be stripping off your corpse; that's the real treasure! Nyah hah hah hah!
Yes, I guessed as much. Well, here's a tip. There's a stash of treasure right down that hole. I found it first, but... well, you're the cleric, right? I owe you for all that, er, praying and what not... I'll give you first pick. Well, go on, have a look. It'll shimmer you blind. Heh heh heh...
xddddddd
I really want to play Demon Souls now
Oh okay, then
I'm unbreakable, unbreakable
But its ok
Yeah, you did
4head
oh just find the purging monument xd
Well, now you know
It really does
I respect that
you nibbas voted for redbone
wtf
wait
lets get it poppin
arright
Skype was really on point right there
Who knows
Hold on, hold on, fuck that
Fuck that shit
Hold on, I got to start this mothafuckin' record over again, wait a minute
Fuck that shit
Still on this mothafuckin' record
I'ma play this mothafucka for y'all
Ayy, y'all get some more drinks goin' on, I'll sound a whole lot better
Listen
Seein' you got ritualistic
Cleansin' my soul of addiction for now
'Cause I'm fallin' apart, yeah
Tension
Between us just like picket fences
You got issues that I won't mention for now
'Cause we're fallin' apart
Passionate from miles away
Passive with the things you say
Passin' up on my old ways
I can't blame you, no, no
Passionate from miles away
Passive with the things you say
Passin' up on my old ways
I can't blame you, no, no
Listen
Harder buildin' trust from a distance
I think we should rule out commitment for now
'Cause we're fallin' apart
Leavin'
You're just doing that to get even
Don't pick up the pieces, just leave it for now
They keep fallin' apart
Passionate from miles away
Passive with the things you say
Passin' up on my old ways
I can't blame you, no, no
Passionate from miles away
Passive with the things you say
Passin' up on my old ways
I can't blame you, no, no
Um, trying to think of the right thing to say
Is this one of those deep fried memes?
tell spike lee hes a god damn brown
someone
Semantics.
Yeah, pretty much
Why michael 
Alright free steak it is
xd
That feel when you realize that sekiro is just Japanese Guts simulator
(cry)
It is impossible for one such as myself to be in attendance
As one who is also not in town
Too much
Sweet dreams
The only one
Flair
Cool, thanks!
Woo!
Yeah, I am here now
I am online now
Yeah, I know you do
You know me well
I liked it
That's what I thought
I am sure you are
Yeah, I guess so
Nothing
What do you know?
Good thing I’m not a weeb 
(laugh)
Can you not feel the warmth of its smile?
(laugh)
(smile)
Haha, no worries
What's yours?
My pleasure!
Oh, I hope so
What's stopping you?
Skypoe is a stand whose owner died and but it still lingers
What a powerful stand you are
Thank you skypoe
(laugh)
:)
I am glad you are
Xd
:)
That’s me wiping my hands off after destroying your anime
:)
(laugh)
(y)
(laugh)
:)
Hehe
Thanks togashi
Without nen your anime’s are scientifically proven to be garbo 
It’s too bad none of your anime’s have nen 
It's gone
Very cool thank you anime
It took you a minute to find the e and r Michael xd
Yeah, pretty much
:)
What song?
Do not deny it
Not me
Not me
You must
Always respect wemen fellas
(smile)
Bruno Bucciarati, your final mission as a bodyguard to my daughter. Is over.﻿
When the squad get resurrected
SENDO OVERDRIVEU
Wtf
You guys aren’t using your hamon breathing?
wait
Yep.
ZA WARUDO
(y)
(laugh)
This is true
KAKYOIN USE YOUR STANDO POWER
KAKYOIN
Everyone looks like Arnold Schwarzenegger from Predator
Oh yeah that too
Outrageous!
What are you writing?
Like everything is just so dramatic 
The writing is kind of hilarious 
Yeah, I guess
Yes, it is
Yeah I’m still on phantom blood
Hehe
I’ve only watched like 4 episodes
I’ve only watched like 4 episodes
And I don’t accuse everything of being a jojos reference 
Nibbas really over here weebing out 
Ringing bells in Japan POG
Well, since you're here… Let me help you out.
There are actually two Bells of Awakening.
One's up above, in the Undead Church. The other is far, far below, in the ruins at the base of Blighttown.
Ring them both, and something happens… Brilliant, right?
Well, now you know
What happened here?
I don't think so
I can not either
H E A V E N S,  S H E  W A S  A L R E A D Y   D E A D
How was it?
thank you dark souls
very cool
The lightning paladin is actually working out pretty well
I agree
Fair enough.
I met Michael 
This guy really getting hung over over here
(laugh)
Getting there
And then Im going to invade parsa with my lightning paladin
gettin high time
Epic
But black people do it all the time
You look black xd
Inconceivable!
Haha, I hope not
(laugh)
and his loregasm was largely accurate
The real victory here is that SirActionSlacks was right
Inconceivable!
Its out today
:)
AND JABLINSKI HOURS
reel doomer negroe hours
:)
Nothing
I know.
Too much fun
Now this is epic
Good luck haha
I thought so haha
Good game
(cry)
Someones a little intimidated by Ricardo
(smile)
I robbed an interdimensional alien in 92’
Alex Jones pops off
(laugh)
(laugh)
Yeah, for sure
Agreed.
This is ideal
I want epic to throw money and then watch their millions disappear as their Garbo launcher fails miserably 
:)
Go get it
:)
I'm unbreakable, my nigga, unbreakable
Berry cool
Mountains of Maddness
It's delicious.
Rip in peace
What year?
This is how I acquired this power
As a black person, I give you a pass, Michael 
Peeling human potatoes and running trade routes are some of the many reasons to play kenshi
Peeling human potatoes and running trade routes are some of the many reasons to play kenshi
Yes, there is
Watching Sseth's video on Kenshi makes me want to play it
Hashish trade route logistics: the game.
Correct.
(laugh)
Fair enough.
The auto response 
You can’t escape
:)
Yeah, I guess so
Fair enough.
What show?
Rat &gt; Dio
Yeah, I do
OUT WITH IT
(smile)
Watching this filled me with the urge to play skyrim
I'm unbreakable
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Truly, no stand can match this power
My stand/hatsu also allows me to post videos into group chats that no one asked for
I also must be in full zetsu to utilize my stand
xddddddddddddddddddddddd
and then erase, change, and predict 10 seconds of time, so my stand can then rip my opponents head off xd
and then erase, change, and predict 10 seconds of time, so my stand can then rip my opponents head off xd
It lets me play this song
King Crimson
Don't make me activate my stand
FROM THE GHASTLY EYRIE I CAN SEE TO THE ENDS OF THE WORLDS AND FROM THIS VANTAGE POINT I DECLARE WITH UTTER CERTAINTY THAT THIS IS SOME GOOD SHIT RIGHT THERE 👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀
Well, now I know
they still gotta recover the delgato
Thanks for listening!
You are telling me
reel negro shit
What team?
Epic
The patches squat
Many times
I thought shrek was going to win
I wasn't sure where it was going to take me
This video is a wild roller coaster
:)
I am crying now
only 1 month until sukqueero: shadows dick thrice comes out
...What did I come here in search of?

Damn, stop it, I'm unbreakable, unbreakable.

...Ahh, please, someone tell me...
:)
Sigh
What's your team?
According to skype I should go download skype to view that card
This is me smiling and nodding
:)
Yeah, I guess
Every week
You guys ever flex on others at ever increasing infinitesemially smaller intervals? 
reel negro shit
NEW LOREGASM POGU
Through the story I mean
You play as the same guy from the 1st game in exodus
Yeah the characters carry through
But because of the through narrative driven nature of the games I recommend playing from the beginning 
Metro Exodus do be the most recent
(cwl)
Do not know what?
Know what?
I know right
apparently in fallout 76 you can get banned for having too much ammo xd
Yep.
Yeah, me too
One of us
Pugna actually has a huge fucking cranium
That’s Michael smiling
This is me smiling
:)
They both are
I bet you would
powerful torso in full view, big meaty claws primed and ready
underwear on full display, chest unshaven
what would you do if mr krabs just appeared in front of you
AHOY ME BUCKO. I JUST SNORTED 28 GRAMS OF FENYANYL. I AM GOING TO DIE.
(laugh)
Yee
Do what?
Oh well.
Hehe
Xd
I concur.
0/10
Terrible genre
Battle royal gay
He really was
It’s true
The grapple guy is good
I can not either
10/10
10/10
tried to fist fight, got shot by a pistol
which is good
It does allow you to flame twitch streamers though
It’s well crafted and well optimized 10/10
we're in samecord
we need a spare autist
we need a third
we need a third
What do you play?
anyone else want to play?
vro how I invite
arright
Hehe
an apex legend?
I hope so too
and by apex legends I mean vermintide 2
WHATS JABLIN JABLES
Alright to time play apex legends
and improves on some aspects of battle royals
its pretty straightforward
I was high, so I only remember parts
Its interesting
All heroes with Purge's face
the game has been deemed
so after playing some training for apex legends
Algebraic!
Somewhere
Somewhere
Thanks GabeN
I thought you would
I mean high on life
and by high
time to get high
You know who
(laugh)
:)
So did you
I was just changing the words around for Why do good girls like bad guys
I was just changing the words around for Why do good girls like bad guys
I did not lose anything to the dark ones
Why do good girls like black guys?
I am online now
Is this a podcast?
Accepted
What are you offering?
You thot
I think you did
Yes you did
And why?
Third
I agree
xd
for not playing apex legends with me (angry)(angry)(angry)(angry)
This is what you get
Magic
skype gay
A surprise,  but a welcome one
Oh definitely.
Truly a dialectical discussion is required to justly explore this topic
My pleasure!
(laugh)
 apex legends time
and play apex legends
Also stay woke guys
Dankey Kang
New hero
(laugh)
but its still a spicy meme
its true
Very important 
Very cool
There we go
Liam neeson is racist
Liam neeson
Liam neeson
Xd
Liam neeson is racist
Guys
Euphoric
Too easy
and break their block and get your headshots in
Or you can just repeatedly grapple and clinch the person
very well designed game 10/10
xddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
late game fights are literally you waiting for the AI to get impatient and swing and then just instantly block and beat the shit of it
Because automatically performing a perfect master strike, after a perfect block is a berry cool mechcanic 
Yeah
Which i have done and won fights with
You can perform combat with literally 1 button
Kingdom come deliverance is the best game ever, for one reason
The best game ever is kingdom come deliverance and any other answer is just wrong
Why don't you love the most recent entry to the battleroyal genre mars?
(sad)
I am a lego movie
Watch out libtards
:)
(yes)
SeemsGood Thanks Purge SeemsGood
Now that was a creampie of a song
brown
with just a hint of aids
and some purge to round things out
DFW is questioning what he is viewing
perfection
there we go
M Y  E X T R A C T I O N  P O I N T
(smile)
Thank you, GabeN
I do not remember
because of my blessed schedule
I have fridays off
(y)
(laugh)
(smile)
I'm not the broke ass looking for a class to crash xd
(laugh)
Appreciate it!
Chem
on tuesdays and thursdays
I have a 8;30am class and a 6:30pm class
What do you have?
I was agreeing with you
No
I said so
Nah
Nice.
I dont mind the time
Late classes dont bother me
Hehe
because it starts at 5 xd
I havent even gone to class yet
(laugh)
(upsidedownface)
(hysterical)
(cwl)
(y)
(smile)
xddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
Why?
I am sure you are
Yeah, I guess so
Fair enough.
What is yours?
What's your name?
Yes, indeed
Indubitably.
Inconceivable!
Fair enough.
You know why
What's your name?
What's yours?
What's your name?
That's what I thought
I am sure you are
Yeah, I guess so
I guess you are
I nod.
Thanks again!
Thank you very much!
I am online now
I am available now
I am online now
Hehe
Thank you very much!
No problem, enjoy!
No problem!
No problem, enjoy!
Very nice
That's what I thought
I am sure you are
I am just curious
Fair enough.
I do not have one
What's your name?
I said so
Because
What's your name?
Fair enough.
Why not?
What's your name?
That's what I thought
What did you say?
I said so
You know why
What's your name?
Okay then.
Oh okay, then
Nothing
Haha, you are welcome
You are very welcome
No problem, enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
Yep.
Ha!
Lol
Woo!
No problem, enjoy!
Reopened!
Gates open!
Thanks man!
What did you think?
No, I will not
I will though
You know I will
I trust you
You better be
Oh okay, then
Hehe
That's what I thought
I am sure you are
Yeah, I guess
Oh well.
That's the spirit!
Haha, thank you
Oh well, thanks
But I am
I always win
Haha, it's true
Me too
Understandable.
So many times
(laugh)
Fortnite is best minecraft hunger games simulator
(smile)
:)
Verily.
Agreed.
The world needs this
It's true
I know right
You need to clean your room, bucko, before I put on my lobster claws and show you the error of your dangerous presuppositions
(laugh)
the virgin Sir Divish vs. the chad alpha male Henry who cucks him
it created the situation I had only hoped for to be possible
no
But it pulled through in the end
I thought kingdom come deliverance had failed me
that is literally impossible
Joe hated that.
(laugh)
(sad)
(cwl)
Ben Jakiro
WHATS JABLIN JABLES
It's the truth
and this is why i cant trust a nikka who dont pee in da sink
ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ

ＴＨＩＳ 　ＭＵＳＴ 　ＢＥ 　ＴＨＥ 　ＷＯＲＫ 　ＯＦ 　ＡＮ 　ＥＮＥＭＹ 「ＳＴＡＮＤ」！！

ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ
Name and Title: The ring

Q: Kaiser

You can eat ice cream. Each quail case offers better reproduction of health.

W: WEX

Move electricity. Each example from Vix ensures fast movement and increased movement.

E: exit

It is possible to treat with fuel. Increase the attack of each incident.

R: phone

The new investor combines the functions of these modified elements to create the character.

Spell: Crack

The engine removes the heat of the enemy and sends it to a working length. The enemy deteriorates and frosts for some time. Other losses in this case will cause the enemy to freeze and cause additional damage. You can often freeze enemies, but with the workload the cold rate drops rapidly.

Spell: The Spirit of Walking

The collar touches ice and electricity to make its body invisible. Consequently, based on the level of invitations, based on the level of kuas and wickets, imbalances in primary schools regarding enemies have started to slow down.

Spell: winter build

Build a solid frozen in front of the collar length, depending on the working level. When the weather gets cold and cold, it gradually slows down the closest enemies and causes harm to the other than the only child.

Spell: EMP

The caller collects the electronic tickets for the ticket. Tickets will be launched automatically after 2.9 seconds. Blasts include those areas where Wix Mana destroyers were destroyed. Change the damage for each team cut. If EMP removes the mind from the opposite hero, then the investor will advance with a 50% jump.

Spell: pain wind

The storm, which keeps enemy units on the road, is released and invisible in the air before it falls. Journey based on WYX level. Keep the enemy's length in the air based on the earthquake level. VX offers basic damage and additional damage depending on the level.

Spell: merry

Invawk fills the allies with extraordinary power and increases the loading rate according to the wax level, and the loss depends on the trip level.

Spell: Sunrise

Send the horrible waves of violent sunshine to all places and burn all the enemies below. Damage caused by class exploitation. However, these damages are distributed equally to all enemy targets.

Spell: Forgive your breath

The collar has a soul that indicates the intensity of the fire and the intensity of the ice. Damage, neck and armor depend on the level of escort, but the degree of attack, condition, and height depend on quas. The firing element of the attack may dissolve the gradient. Hero of the enemy

Spell: Meteorite anarchy

The collar detects fire from the ground to the destination. After landing, the meteorite episodes cause permanent damage, depending on the level of delivery and level. A device hit by a planet will also burn in a while, which can cause additional damage, depending on how long it has been eliminated.

Spell: Shocking shock

Investor turns into a powerful wave of sound and damages all the enemies who face the exorcism. The only effect of the explosion is enough to neutralize once the enemy unit, depending on the job, and the slave stops the attacks against the length.
You all negus is diapers
You all negus is diapers
:)
It was real
Are these large factuals?
Good thing I wouldn’t be spoiled xd
Parsa drugs are bad for you
I want to go there
It is beautiful
Now thats an xd
(cwl)
xdddddd
So until we get the video for test screenings, all other projects are on hold
Corporate is actually still waiting for the proof of concept video michael said he would make xd
I miss the old KotL
The farm a bunch of gold KotL
The cast Q and go KotL
The keep cooldowns low KotL
Give me recall KotL
No glowing ball KotL
Give me that fast KotL
Six spells to cast KotL
I want mana leak KotL
Not this new weak KotL
Spirit form KotL
Set apart from the norm KotL
Sorry, corporate's business hours are 5 am - 5pm PST, feel free to leave a message and we'll get back to you as soon as we can :)
You're gonna have to take it up with corporate
I was just mashing the auto response
(laugh)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
(smile)
I concur.
I do not have one
I do not have one
What's your name?
Thank you very much!
Inconceivable!
Mathematical!
Mathematical!
Algebraic!
Inconceivable!
I concur.
Guess
That's what I thought
That's what I thought
That's what I thought
I guess so
Guess
My pleasure!
Thank you very much!
Thanks again!
Thanks again!
Thank you very much!
Thank you very much!
Algebraic!
Inconceivable!
I concur.
No I will not
I will not
I do not though
I really do not
I do not want one
Make one
What's yours?
What's your name?
What's your name?
Guess
What's your name?
Thanks again!
Thanks again!
You are welcome
I disagree.
Is it though?
Is it?
Scrubs
Scrubs
What show?
I do not know haha
why does your waifu have chiseled abs and a bare mid-riff? xddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
which is that its non canon xdddddddddddd
Also, fan fiction cannot be used as a valid source of evidence given its nature xd
compared to their straight counter parts
Is that gay people apparently commit a disproportionate amount of crimes
(laugh)
Is that gay people apparently commit a disproportionate amount of crimes
What i've learned about jojos
or what i mean
So from what jojo's has taught me
jk
Incredibly.
I am online now
Okay thanks
That's what I thought
I know.
I hope not haha
I would never
I really do not
And why?
Inconceivable!
I do not believe it
You are not
no ur not
I'm always watching qt in my heart
Guess
My pleasure!
:)
(y)
:)
We did it!
There we go
Let’s return to something less controversial 
I am always good
Learn
Stream
I concur.
Too late
(smile)
You too
(sad)
alright, get in samecord to play auto chees
Pow!
Brakes
Brakes
its dota time
reel negroe shit
Of course you did not
That panda has Fortnite money
That sweet sweet Fortnite money
Metro sexidus get political
Ha!
I am good
I told you
before you judge
You gotta watch the video
you clearly don't play golf
I thought so haha
xd
Yeah I guess
I'm only getting spotify search options
Why isnt it giving me a bing search option
Alex Jones
alex jones
Muh nigma
it is
it is
yeah
ye
xd
When fighting is sure to result in victory, then you must fight. Sun tzu said that. And I think he knows a little more about fighting than you do pal, because he invented it, and then he perfected it so that no living man could best him in the ring of honour. Then he used his fight money to buy two of every animal on earth. Then he herded them onto a boat, and then he beat the crap out of every single one of them. And from that day on, anytime a bunch of animals are in one place, it’s called a zoo! Unless it’s a farm!﻿
Reel Kneegroe hours
(cwl)
but i hear its good
Ive only seen memes
(laugh)
OH blessed be miyazaki and his ninja souls
because i did not forsee this fuckery
i did not pre order on steam sadly
ye
They also have terrible security and sell their user info to Tencent xd
I think they just don't know how predatory and under-developed the epic games store is compared to steam
xdddddddddddddddddddd
Yeah I know haha
So they capitalized on the greed of the publisher
They're really just trying to beat Steam with exclusives, because that's all they have going for them
You never know
Deep Silver couldn't resist the Fortnite money
Facts
Joe hated that.
This guy must listen to joe rogan 
(cwl)
I draw strength from these high concentrations of memery
I found the font of prequel memes
Ha! Yeah right man. Let's ♂ go! Why don't you get out of that leather stuff? I'll strip ♂ down out of this and we'll settle it right here in the ring. What do you say?
GET YOUR ♂ ASS ♂ BACK HERE
Oh ♂ yeah? I'll kick your ♂ ass!
Oh, Fuck♂You leather man. Maybe you and I should settle it right here on the ring if you think your so tough.
(laugh)
small brain: Jojo is gay
awakened brain: JoJo is manly.
exploding brain: JoJo is very campy, but not literally gay. If anything, it presents a non-standard view of masculinity that allows straight men to identify with it while feeling able to embrace the queerish elements of its style. Things like high fashion, that are often seen as somewhat metrosexual for men to be into, are normalized by no character ever commenting on another's appearance in regards to sheer strangeness or "gayness". Likewise, just about anyone can appreciate this show because the campy elements do not define it, and its writing holds up on its own alongside the excellent art of the manga and superb quality of the adaptation by David Productions. If a viewer/reader came to JoJo for its campy elements, they can fully enjoy them while getting a great story with memorable and likable characters, while if they didn't they'd still get the story and characters anyway.
GALAXY BRAIN: Jojo is gay﻿
(sad)
Why do you think?
Yes it was
I am not alone!
Korean women comsume thick, juicy american MEAT
Yet.
I must summon david back to the fiesta
I just add something to blow your mind, Jotaro's stand "Star Platinum" 
is actually Jonathan Joestar, ok lets go to the facts, the whole plot of
 JoJo series is about bloodline, and the original concept was to make 
the series in 3 parts culminating in "Stardust crusaders", "Star 
platinum" refers to the mark branded by every JoJo and it wears same 
clothes pieces and colors like Jonathan, their similar atacks like "star
 finger" (jonathan's Zoom Punchh) and "ora punches" (sunlight 
overdrive), despite Dio whe got Jonathan's body is Jotaro who carry his 
Soul, The Star Platinum, and that's why Joseph doesn't have a proper Stand also, cuz he wasn't meant to fight Dio, 
 and that's why both Star Platinum and The World 
shares the same type and even same ability (Time stop) and you can think
 that "The world" represents the phisical entity (body) and "The star" 
represents the metaphorical entity (soul) and to finish with golden key,
 in the first part of JoJo, Jonathan's say "If i die, my soul will haunt
 you" and we know that Jonathan is a man of word, he keeps his promisses
 no matter the cost.
bungee gum has the properties of both rubber and gum﻿
A little goonie with some nice sounds
This little groupie want the pipe now
Yeah, she eatin' coochie, kinda dyke now
Done.
I am sure you are
Why do you think?
Oh
Kappa
Is it?
Inconceivable!
Good point.
Nah
Araki remembers
That's a deal
Bensl really let them know
New Dota 2 Patch POG
(laugh)
(laugh)
(laugh)
That's what I did
Yeah it was
and start streaming
Time to go pro
Oh very cool
But I am lazy
and he's telling her to clean her room
Jordan finally got his claws
thats beautiful
I'm talking enormous
Big
large factuals?
I think so haha
some facts and logic
and maybe, if you're feeling extra frisky
to get your fill of libtards being destroyed
and this for you michael
Okay thank you
Oh okay thanks
to step up your monster hunter world game
this is for you milo
Perhaps you've seen it, maybe in a dream.
A murky, forgotten land.
A place where traps may mend your ailing mind.
You will lose everything...
... once Branded.
The symbol of the curse.
An augur of darkness.
Your past. Your future. Your very light.
None will have meaning, and you won't even care.
By then, you'll be something other than human.
A thing that feeds on traps.
A Faggot.
Long ago, in a walled off land, far to the north, a great king built a great kingdom.
I believe they called it Drangleic.
Perhaps you're familiar.
No, how could you be.
But one day, you will stand before its decrepit gate.
Without really knowing why...
Like a moth drawn to a flame.
Your wings will burn in anguish.
Time after time.
For that is your fate.
The fate of the cursed.
A revelation?
Oh?
A thicc bish to comfort him in these trying times?
Is it because he is sexually frustrated? Has he not found a waifu yet?
But why would david leave?
Looks like david decided to kill himself again
:)
as it should be
xddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
nen did it first
nen did it first
impossible
xd, limitations allow for nen abilities to be more powerful
xdddddd
So its conjuration/emitter
What does sex pistols do?
I do see Parsa as an emitter
A black mane is nodding and saying thats cool, therefore it is more legit xd
VEry cool
Oh, your hatsu would be sex pistols?
Guys, if you had nen, what nen-type would you be?
Fuk u gnag wasp
this post was made by gang bee
kill thy brother. for he be not your keeper. because thou art a man and not a bee.

bzzzz bzzzzz.﻿
(laugh)
[B]oe [B]ogan
Incredible, what a specimen
Look at his face, his shock and attempt to reconcile what he is viewing with what he is trying to say
Joe "That's crazy have you ever done DMT?" Rogan
from Rock, Paper, Shotgun
which is what i think Cells is referring to
this description is a fat yikes from me, considering FromSoftware invented the souls-like genre, which in turn inspired Dead Cells xd
Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice, a very solid-looking Cells-like.
I hope it is
Haha maybe
Maybe even put in some jojo's references xd
and retarded meme shit
Like, you could actually make it ridiculous and add in like dubstep montages or something of you just eating food
Honestly, I think the editing is where the extra time to make up that 10 min comes from
No problem!
Corporate just said it has to be 10 min
Let's get to work.
(y)
alright, lets make a test video and ship it to the test screenings
alright, lets make a test video and ship it to the test screenings
This is true
and see how corporate feels about the results
Yeah pretty much
Length isnt the problem
It doesnt have to be long
the production value combined with the absurd nature of the video
That will be what sets it apart from all the other food channels though
P R O D U C T I O N V A L U E
just switching from one to the other
And when you eat it you gotta have alternating sequences of you eating it normally and sequences of you just attacking the food like a rabid animal
I can't wait
It should be like a rotating shot of the food, followed by a snap to a shot of the expression on your face, followed by a snap to you just vigorously consuming the food
I want to look retarded
E
this guys face is just gonna eventually freeze into a constant surprised happy/excited face given how he always makes the same face every video
I see it
philip reeks of sorrow xd
and then on the podcast we just let it rip
but we gotta be really non chalant about the whole thing
Yeah that one
like at a restaurant we just look right into the camera and just eat our food and then hold up ratings out of 10
anywhere really
It'd just be us eating xd
That lore is like fanfiction or something
xddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
so people have to listen to the podcast
so people have to listen to the podcast
there is only text and food
we dont speak
but for the food channel
and then have a podcast
We make a food channel on youtube
Guys I know how we get famous
Guys I know how we get famous
(laugh)
Why do you think?
Not gonna lie, that reads like communist propaganda
this is a related picture
:)
(y)
I guess so
It was an anti mage
Because you'd be right
anti magic man?
magic man?
You gotta guess who built those items
And another!
That one
Another unrelated picture
Pretty sure
You activated my trap card xd
[1548717865] Milo Amoore: LEAGUE SUCKS CUZ WEEB

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
Also unrelated
Image also unrelated
Image unrelated
As the official spokesperson of Dota 2 (unpaid community spokesperson that is, thanks valve xd), my client's level of weebishness has been misconstrued and requires clarification
Hehe
Intersectionality is represented as an analytic framework that attempts to identify how interlocking systems of power impact those who are most marginalized in society.
Thanks Skype
:)
One of them
Miles
he's well-versed
He sure does
And by that I mean it has a lot of songs from the lates 70's and 80's xd
That spotify playlist actually has some good songs
That spotify playlist actually has some good songs
I N T E R S E C T I O N A L I T Y
I N T E R S E C T I O N A L I T Y
I would have thought jojo was stalin, because he was a dictator, but because he didnt target the chosen people, he's more readily accepted
I would have thought jojo was stalin, because he was a dictator, but because he didnt target the chosen people, he's more readily accepted
xd
Hitler is always vilified, even though stalin technically killed more people xd
Its more acceptable
But it is still of the weebish persuasion
Its not typical weebery
:)
I guess
Close
jojo is manga, that became anime, all from japan
jojo is manga, that became anime, all from japan
I couldnt deny it
skype suggested searching spotify
Pretty much.
Its weebishness revels in its ridiculousness
I would go so far as to call it the jojos of weebishness
Im not sure dota is more cringey than league, but it can still be weebish
I think its a good thing it doesnt have this
I do not see anything
Yes he is
Auto response is a powerful thing
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(smile)
(smile)
Woof
Would not
Would
Not yet xd
Black mane loses his shit over flamboyant masculinity and "buff niggas"
I like both
(laugh)
:)
Neither did you
this guy doesnt even know these days
Is a man not entitled to the sweat of his own brow?
the end of the video is pretty good
Yeah he did
He now has the n-word pass
Jack Black had a rap song made about him
This is true
Good eye!
I am watching too
(smile)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(laugh)
(y)
(y)
(y)
(laugh)
:)
Monorail!
I concur.
EG took out all the chinese teams from the chinese major xd
Oh very good lore Kanye 
Very cool, thank you kanye
Thot destroyed EZ clap
Guys, whats the bigger flex
Mother comes /╲/╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮\╱\
(cwl)
Yep
xd
Always gettin peed on
You all negus is toilet paper
For what?
(smile)
(y)
(laugh)
:)
Address?
Address?
Where?
Big Chungus
Yep
You know it is
I concur.
If I was high, that song would be very cerebral
MLK died for this
straight to the samecord
this is what MLK wanted
Soon
Nothing
I know you do
Nah
DAmn
I know you know
He really does
its time to return to vermintide 2
its time guys
I will
xd
Oh wait wrong black man
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth, on this continent, a new drip, conceived in liberty
Wave check?
d
x
I am blushing
Always getting peeled
You all negus is potatoes
Meme
that feel when you go sicko mode on the town you were sent to cure of the plague xd
(laugh)
Impossible
nigga toilet
xd
What if I told you all that phrase refers to is a black toilet
How do you feel about the phrase "nigga toilet" ?
Ha!
Hehe
I guess you'll have to re-download dota 2 and give it a try xd
He likes it
Parsa played it
Thanks again!
Thank you very much!
No problem, good luck!
Do not have it
Epic
Fatality
(laugh)
I thought so
Chester
I thought so
That's the plan
Can not
(smile)
Kappa
Good thing I'm already on the council xd
It really is
These are just large factuals
Oh you mean the jojo references someone posted? xd
Is this some kind of jojos reference?
Epic
Trust me
(cwl)
xdddddddddddddddddddd
Nice meme
Cheqir PogChamp
(smile)
Haha I know
Lawyered.
(smile)
You should be
Ditto
I am so sorry
xd
you dont even play dota
But milo
who likes to have fun
hes a fun guy
Kappa
(tongueout)
Flair
(smile)
(laugh)
Hehe
This reminds me of that one greentext I read
Big
Big Chungus
What's your name?
I know right
Lil Uzi Vert has said he's going to stop making music
Guys
xd
washed up
this guy lookin like freshly cleaned laundry
I know I am right
get in samecord
alright negus
always getting baked
You all negus is potatoes
Too long
Guess
I am as well
Are you in vegas memelo?
My mistake.
He actually mentions relevant memes in the editing
Jack Black memes so hard in his videos
You are welcome
Guys Dark Souls 4 is almost out
xd
Always gettin rolled
You all negus is blunts
Those are screenshots of emails xd
But they aren’t memes Michael
But they aren’t memes Michael
(smile)
(laugh)
(laugh)
Thank you so much
The Venator Files 1: Inquisitor Veros's Records, Acolyte Cell █-█; Entries 1-2 (Dark Heresy 2nd Ed.)
Long
Acolyte Cell █-█;
Entry 1: New Cell Composition
Date: 6.███.99█.M41
Inquisitor ████████ Veros

I have assembled a new acolyte cell on the hive world of Setroma, consisting of the following individuals:

Bruce O’Donnell: Aeronautica Pilot. Formerly an Arbitrator in the Adeptus Arbites. Son of Magistrate Henry Alvius O'Donnell, of the same organization. Native of Setroma. A capable operative, though a bit naïve, but such is not uncommon for a new acolyte.

Ferris Karpath: Techpriest of the Adeptus Mechanicus. Native of the forge world Thorix Prime. Highly competent for an adept of his rank, though his cold, emotionless, ruthless hyper-pragmatism, coupled with his somewhat excessive puritanism, does cause me some apprehension.

“Icharus”: Sanctioned psyker of the Adeptus Astra Telepathica. Native of Void Station ██████. A psychic generalist with a slight leaning toward telepathy. Talented, but his frivolity is somewhat concerning, especially in one with his gifts. I will be watching him especially closely.

Magnus Crim (Born Magnus █████): Small-arms specialist. Son of the deceased convicted smugglers and heretics Markus and Meran █████. Born aboard the smuggling vessel The ███████ ████. Despite his parents’ transgressions, I believe him to be loyal. Though his flippancy, and, at times, sheer absurdity, are frustrating, they conceal a keen intellect. He also possesses another asset; a strong conscience, which I hope will serve to offset Ferris’s impassive disregard for human life. I will, however, be observing him closely for signs of heresy or dangerous instability.

Sarus Avram: Social specialist. Formerly a Preacher in the Adeptus Ministorum. Native of the Garden World ████████. Personally uncovered and eliminated a minor cult that had taken root within his parish.

Titus Steel: Investigative specialist. Formerly an Arbitrator in the Adeptus Arbites. Was partnered with Bruce O'Donnell. Native of Setroma. Keen eye for detail.

Acolyte Cell █-█;
Entry 2: Pre-Deployment, Setroma Mid-hive
Date: 6.███.99█.M41
Inquisitor ████████ Veros

Magistrate Alvius O'Donnell has expressed concern that a cult may be operating in the mid-hive. The Magistrate worries that sending in the Arbites would only drive the cult deeper underground, and has therefore requested my assistance in tracking down the threat in a more clandestine manner.

Apparently, one Cordell Blanquart, an Arbites Investigator, was killed while looking into potential cult activity in the Duthic District of the middle-hive. His body was found in the apartment where he had been staying during the investigation, torn limb from limb with brute force. Most of the information currently known was gathered by this individual and reported back to his superiors prior to his death.

The information indicates an unusually high incidence of mutant sightings, kidnappings, and sightings of kidnappings performed by mutants.

List of known victims:
Amadeus Neja
Modesto Labo
Sarina Grosklaus
Dolf Neall
Denita Gasch
Glendora Cassis

I am dispatching Acolyte Cell █-█ to investigate.
Can we please stop time from passing in Africa?
Kingdom Come Deliverance is an eggcellent game
Tomato
You already know
But
Michael is that profile picture a jojos reference?
[1547078287] Michael Bateman-Shirley: junglers are gonna hate me

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
(laugh)
(laugh)
Confirmed
Oh I gotcha
(cwl)
Bigg rip
Yeah he did
RIP Civ 5 narrator guy
RIP Civ 5 narrator guy
Yeah 
Ha!
Rubick 
(cwl)
Yeah I noticed
These are just large facts
(laugh)
(smile)
Spoilers!
Why do you think?
Why do you think?
Why is it?
Brown
I know right
I do however recommend Big Chungus
Yeah, I don't recommend Kingdom Come Deliverance
I knew it
Yep
is a game
is a game
kingdom come delieverance
He loses his shit, because the cheese is too powerful
Gates open!
Yeah it's good
Xd
Hello, my name is Earthshaker, and I am the biggest brother trying to raise my 4 siblings in my 1000 mmr bracket. I was inspired by the post of mom and dad which sadly my family doesn’t have in this orphanage. So I have taken responsibility of making my brothers leaderboard players. These are my brothers I have loved over the years and I know my IQ wouldn’t be same without them.

My first brother’s name is ‘tHuG liF£’. After every kill he gets, types ‘EZ’ in all chat. Has answer to every statement the enemy makes. Sometimes ends up using spells and items because of this. Few games I have seen him just standing in some open places ideal for 20-30 minutes. Most games he doesn’t even realize he has lost. It wasn’t that battle he was fighting.

My second brother’s name is ‘THE ULTIMATE KILLER MACHINE’. He is the youngest of them all. He is the one who has gotten me from my party 1011 mmr to 110 mmr. He keeps randoming every game. Says wants to learn all heroes. Doesn’t read the spells. Just checks them in game. If that spell damages, he likes that hero otherwise he just waits for next game and his next hero. Buys +damage items only for every hero. Good thing he doesn’t know anything about divine rapier yet. Has never visited secret shop.

My third brother’s name is ‘!’ . Before the game starts he knows what he is playing. It’s Invoker. Sometimes the click spamming on that Invoker icon ends up banning it. But even if that happens he knows what he is playing. It’s his second hero Anti Mage. There isn’t much time to write about his Invoker playstyle but he 1 v 5 entire enemy team after his 40 minutes boot battlefury. Sometimes he ends up getting his second battlefury if enemies are strong players else he ends up winning in 2 items.

My fourth brother’s name is ‘PepeHands’. Uses windowed mode for playing Dota 2. Half screen is Dota 2 and half screen is twitch. Uses only mouse to play Dota 2. Keyboard is for twitch chat. He is the antithesis of ‘!’ regarding the ingame chat. Has won a game with wraith king once.

My name is Earthshaker and I am eldest brother of my 4 siblings.
Hiss
Meme
xd
Yeah right now
xd
Uma changed some stuff on my facebook
In addition to its current effects, Legion Commander will now be able to summon a Stonehall Legion while doing her classic routine of Jungling for 30 minutes. The Stonehall Legion will assault the camp, killing the men and women while naturalizing the children from their previous Barbarian culture to become good Stonehall Legionaries.

I think this would be a much more useful effect than the previous one, due to Legion Commanders in my pubs never leaving the Jungle enough to Duel enemies.
I actually managed to get Augustus Caesar on my first time playing Lordran
its just increases the cost and strength of the unit
He scales as the game goes on
you get shitloads of unhappiness from not being in a golden age, and you get golden ages from producing the chosen undead unit
wait the dark souls mod for Civ is pretty dank
Excellent!
To its Civ 5 time
Legally changed my name
Nothing
Theres a dark souls civ 5 mod xd
I know right
there's no need to post that video xd
Now now david
Slacks gets Educational!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Slacks gets Educational!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CALLING ALL NEGUSI
CALLING ALL NEGUSI
WE ARE ABOUT TO COMMENCE A GAME OF EITHER CIV OR AOM
Yes they did
What did you expect?
wait forsen is a black midget popeye
What game is it?
this is a beautiful video
(cry)
You guys like WiseCrack?
Why not?
Blush
You are very welcome
Cool, thanks!
Still there?
Prove it
I am glad you agree
I am sure
I am just curious
xd
Hit it
You can not
(laugh)
What size are you?
Oh well.
It's worth it
Really?
I forgot
Haha that too
(laugh)
Huzzah!
Medic!
(laugh)
This year
Sounds good
Xd
would anyone care to join?
xd
Everyone get on AoM
I mean AoM time
and by time
alright its time
did someone say holy guacamole?
I am sure you will
I hope so
So happy for you
dope
and the
Ill have cletus in tow
Okay let me know
(laugh)
why
why diego
wait johness got clapped by killua
is my favorite character from Hunter x Hunter's Bizarre Adeventure
is my favorite character from Hunter x Hunter's Bizarre Adeventure
Jojo
Pretty cool
That's what I thought
Something wrong?
Oh okay
damn, really out here hating on hunter x hunter
xd
now you're just being a weeb memelo
sword art big ghey
Spoilers!
What's your guys favorite character from Hunter x Hunter?
(yes)
(cry)
Oh well.
Super cool
(laugh)
Hooray!
Woo!
What game?
I would be down
this must be one of those IRL streams
Epic
there we go
Love that!
xdddddddddddd
Fuck auto response had a spicy one for that
Haha I know
No idea
the memeria
whomst be in attend
alright negusi
Thank you!
What do you think?
alright its civ time
for the finest memes
join us in samecord
the meme fiesta is under way
I know right
the AoM meme fiesta is starting soon
All negus
xd
Well hello there
Oh hi
Imposter!
Neigh
fake and gay
is epic
NOW THIS
I concur.
I know right
What does this guy think he's an Meepo?
What is he a goddamn asshole? what the fuck is he doin'
Not ever
No way
Now he's Meepo Hammersticks
Hammerin' away like he's friggin' Meepo Noble, what the hell is he doin'
Thinks he's, thinks he's got it goin' Meepo nova
No way, no way!
What is this garbage
What is this?
Oh I'm king of the trees, I'm the treemeister
I count on them
What sometimes I pry I got like the steelst
Yeah right, yeah right!
This guy's a faggot
Guy's some sort of faggot Meepo in the teepee
Ooh this guy thinks he's Captain Meepo
Captain Meepo Knots
When everyone needs some knots tied, they go to him
Bullshit!
Bullshit dice
Bull
His woman's such a bitch
Thinks he's Miss Meepo
Drinking out of cups
Being a bitch
How bout a fist
How bout a fatalisk t, barnd
Patters compelll a little kid in the background fuckin' going crazeeee
Who's this guy Mister Balloons
Mister Balloon Hands
No way, no way! get real!
Like those things
Mister Walkway
Mister walk down me I'm the walkway
Lead me to the building
Fuck you
5643 yeah right!
Here's some stupid bitch
Who paid for that Meepo?
Not me! no way!
Never payin' for no Meepo ever again
Not once
Not never
Nope
Whose Meepo is that?
Who bought that goddamn Meepo here?
It's not my Meepo
Not my Meepo, not my problem
That's what I say
No way
Stupid Meepos
Stupid Meepos
Lighthouses rule
You don't like the lighthouse? you suck
What is this, Meepo Captain?
What sisis Meepo Meepo shell party?
Who didn't invite me!
Why didn't I get invited, Meepo Meepo hell?
What is this
Get real!
I'm in love with Meepos
I'm in love with them
They're so beautiful and cute
I'm in love with the Meepos
They're fuckin' unreal, I love them
They're like all the Meepos, I love 'em
I love Meepos, and I love lookin' at 'em
And I love Meepo shells, I love Meepo shell things
I love things with Meepo shells and Meepos on 'em
Like blankets, and towels, and little bags
I love 'em!
Meepos, forever!
I love meepo
xd
No we are not
Atlantean are very dank
alright
Nice meme
the basic one
P R O S T A G M A
The Age of Mythology campaign is pretty lit
Guys I'm not gonna lie
Numbah wun
(smile)
(laugh)
Hehe
It's because he;s like Bronson
I realized why I like Big Chungus
UH
Acid Time
These are just large factuals 
You already know
You already know
He’s gonna pop off
Jack black has a gaming channel
Get AoM Michael and we can have a fiesta 
It’s time to go pro in AoM
Haha true
It’s AoM time now that I bought it on sale
It’s AoM time now that I bought it on sale
You apes
Merry frostivus
Big Chungus
Cue
Vidi caelum novum, Terra novam a Deo

Primum caelum abiit, et prima terra abiit

Terra novum et caelum a Deo

Deo descendentem, a Deo.

Terra novam, caelum novum,

Novam Ierusalem, novam Ierusalem, Terra novam,

Terra novam et caelum

Afferent Gloriam honorem gentium in illam

Prima terra abiit

Terra novam et caelum et mare iam non est

Terra novam et caelum, Prima terra abiit

Terra novum et caelum

Terra novum et caelum

O gloria, gloria

Terra novam et caelum, quae prima abierunt

Terra gloria

amen.
Baba yetu, yetu uliye
Mbinguni yetu, yetu amina!
Baba yetu yetu uliye
M Jina lako e litukuzwe.

Utupe leo chakula chetu
Tunachohitaji, utusamehe
Makosa yetu, hey!
Kama nasi tunavyowasamehe
Waliotukosea usitutie
Katika majaribu, lakini
Utuokoe, na yule, muovu e milele!

Ufalme wako ufike utakalo
Lifanyike duniani kama mbinguni.
I know you can
That's the truth
milo is already hittin the pizza
What is it?
the cykas from russia always make some of the dankest dota videos
This must be a jojos reference....
xd
Would anyone care to Civ with the bibbers?
Same
Epic
I mean burrito
and by bread
to get this bread
Its time
it civ time
Alright nefus
Haha sorry
alright you negus
King bool
We're playing some Civ right now if anyone would like to join
Oh we been on the mountain
Correct.
Xd
Kappa
I’m on my way!
Oh blessing
You won’t be done until 5
From 7 Eleven
Where is dat
I’m On my way! 
Mars why you playing like that
That would be autism of the highest order
Oh hellllllllllllllllllllll yeah 
I’m gonna start heading over now
Alright my tea has been made
Because I think tea is the optimal way
Wait are we gonna make the tea and take it with us?
Oh blessed be
Test
I’m in front of the theater 
Reeeeeeeee
I am nearing the third street
Someone has to, and you don't seem to sure of yourself
I mean, unless anyone else has a better idea
After the movie
You should eat a little bit before, but save room for when we actually eat
Alright I will
Fair enough.
Are they
the side rows have some space too
hwat seats are being acquired
what time
Alright so what time we meetin tomorrow for the shrooming?
Alright so what time we meetin tomorrow for the shrooming?
If you want to
I do not think so
So Philip can do Wednesday 
Ok
No worries
jett and i are about to
Also, would anyone else care to Civ?
Because philip may or may not come then
we are doing the shrooming in the morning right?
Wait jett did philip purhcase any shroomage from yourself
See you then
very fucking u
vro u r a fucking
vro we play civ
vro...u say word....i no think it mean what u think...
i hate....
vro...indecisiveness not my fault vro....
Redundant.
Faster
by not doing that xd
I can though
i hate.....
hah vro......
This class cannot be taken online sadly
Debatable.
impossible
Im just asking because I realized I dont actually have a lot of break, because of a winter class I'm taking
I sure can
No when are we mountain
But when are we mountain?
I can do Tuesday as well
Not like smash though
Thank you very much!
these guys arent even playing big dick civ
Gotta get in on Big Dick Civ
Look at these guys not even playin civ
No problem!
Adding now
No nickname please
I am online now
So when are we going to meet
Now I know
xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
Right now it is then
Huzzah!
Well now you know
I am asking you
when are we getting together for the fiesta?
arright
oh this is very understandable
oh very cool
Huzzah!
It's back
Where did it go?
jett where is the stuff
Grandma told me get yo money BLACK MANE
I am happy for you
I can not either
Is it?
Jett 
Milo 
Parsa 
What team?
Fishing is a cutthroat business
when campaign memelo
xd
class for campaign
im in class
Did you know Tom Hardy vapes?
DEEP WIDE AND TALL
I am sure you are
What do you know?
Guess
Anytime
My pleasure!
Coming online now
Okay thanks
Roar
(laugh)
(laugh)
(smile)
(laugh)
(laugh)
(laugh)
Cool, thanks!
Jolly
I do not see you
Come at me
I beat you
I am sure you will
milo are you top smash player yet?
As a blackanese man, I choose to live as a spider
Im glad I was able to star in the latest spiderman movie
Can they?
xdxdxdxdxdxdxdxd
It was a pretty funny video xd
rest in peace, you beautiful game
F
for heroes of the storm?
can we get an f in chat?
Now this, is epic
Nothing personnel...just business

Legendary
xddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
I am sorry
See now thats the big brain play right there
Not if we go to an all you can eat Kbbq
I know right
 while high
 while high
I realized that we should go to KBBQ
While watching north koreans try american bbq for the first time
I was just struck by some divine inspiration
guys
wait
Yum!
The jungle creeps threaten an uprising. If I don't stop them, who will?
Last week I was playing some good old shit tier 3k mmr Injoker. I was pretending to be really good, by summoning a forge spirit every 2min to go deny power runes while I farm, kill stealing my pos 1 with sunstrike, flaming supports when they failed to gank after I am the one that cold snapped a creep. The classics. But then, something happened. The laning phase ended. And suddenly, me being able to last hit with 40 bonus damage from exort, and afk farming with midas and the occasional sunstrike to side lanes was no longer enough to help my team. They were flaming me, saying they needed help defending top, and needed space for our carry to farm bot. Naturally, as an Injoker player, I flamed them back. And told them they are garbage and it isn't my fault they lost their lanes, and that it isn't my fault QoP left my lane to go kill bottom 6 times. I gave the missing call, after all. We lost, of course. But it wasn't my fault. I was 9-1-0. I went to sleep, upset about my team losing their lanes when I was doing sooo well afk farming mid. Why can't they be as good as me? - I wondered. As I fell asleep, I saw a YouTube video of some pros that rush aghs instead of midas. With the mindset of "You must skip Midas and rush Aghanim's Scepter. Getting free kills with combos every minutes is better than getting 220 gold every minute." How could killing enemies possibly be more useful than me killing the Jungle creeps? The jungle creeps threaten an uprising. If I don't stop them, who will? But, as I am open minded, the next day I decided to try it. I played Injoker mid, I asked for ward and two tangos and I rushed Aghanim's Scepter. I walked bottom and used my 3k mmr cold snap, tornado, meteor combos and killed the enemies time and time again, while my pos 1 free farmed jungle with all the space in the world. I took every T1 tower, started pushing T2's and it was then that I saw that video was right. But as I was admiring the video's heavenly advice, we got ambushed in the mid lane. The 4 of us died while my Sven was still farming in jungle. I was 14-1-19. Late game came around and we lost. It was then that I realized that if I don't afk farm the jungle creeps, someone else will. And so from that day forward I pledged to always rush midas and always afk farm jungle for the sake of my team. For the sake of keeping them out of it. Because then I will get flamed, and not them. And that is a sacrifice I must make.


I am flattered
Haha thanks
Missed you more
This guy is some kind of faggit Indian in the teepee
Where the transitory lands of the lords of cinder converge
It is called Lothric.
Yes, indeed.
Tolkien is pretty boring imo, very vanilla
and it was painful
Ned was literally Lawful Good
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
ye
I know they took a lot of liberties and fan service and stuff the show with it
but also to see how it has degenerated from the source material
ye
True, but I'd rather watch it all at once
More waiting
FUCK
now I can watch it
oh nice
Wait did game of thrones end?
What do you think?
What about Game of Thrones
Guys
yuh
(laugh)
FISH AND CRITS U FUK
Now thats Admiral Kunkka!
Now thats Admiral Kunkka!
thots must be destroyed
Yee
Ever.
Gates open!
Auto response is getting big brained
Meme
xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
xd
But we can't get beer
I know I will
I hope so
My pleasure!
Good argument.
Huh?
I feel it too
(smile)
What a discourse I have caused
Mars, as the foremost authority on the preferences of the negro male, why do black men love white women?
No I am not
Haha
I think you know
You are very welcome
At Iris, our message to women is simple: You are enough. We produce relatable, engaging video that makes our audience laugh, cry, and say, “Yep, that’s me.”
I curious as to why they chose women instead of men, because these women seem remarkably well-adjusted to their condition
These women think we should know these things
Nevermind, the stone hath been cast
Who said that?
You should be
But im not fucking gay
I love him too
wait this is from buzzfeed
obsidian make gud game always xd
obsidian make gud game always xd
game is gud
Hehe
I mean considering the original guys who made fallout made this, and it bears all the hallmarks of their fallout games, I'd say its basically fallout
obsidian cannot make a bad game xd
its fallout without the post apocalyptic veneer
Yeah I did
What's the reference?
Which episode?
What's your name?
u can sawcon
no
Bulldog beats Miracle POG
My pleasure!
this video is kind of hilarious
xd
better than after you saw this
You probably think that you are better now, better now
You only say that 'cause I'm not around, not around
You know I never meant to let you down, let you down
Woulda gave you anything, woulda gave you everything
You know I say that I am better now, better now
I only say that 'cause you're not around, not around
You know I never meant to let you down, let you down
Woulda gave you anything, woulda gave you everything, oh whoa
I did not believe that it would end, no
Everything came second to the Benzo
You're not even speaking to my friends, no
You knew all my uncles and my aunts though
Twenty candles, blow 'em out and open your eyes
We were looking forward to the rest of our lives
Used to keep my picture posted by your bedside
Now it's in your dresser with the socks you don't like
And I'm rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin'
With my brothers like it's Jonas, Jonas
Drinkin' Henney and I'm tryna forget
But I can't get this shit outta my head
You probably think that you are better now, better now
You only say that 'cause I'm not around, not around
You know I never meant to let you down, let you down
Woulda gave you anything, woulda gave you everything
You know I say that I am better now, better now
I only say that 'cause you're not around, not around
You know I never meant to let you down, let you down
Woulda gave you anything, woulda gave you everything, oh whoa
I seen you with your other dude
He seemed like he was pretty cool
I was so broken over you
Life, it goes on, what can you do?
I just wonder what it's gonna take (what's it gonna take?)
Another foreign or a bigger chain (bigger chain)
Because no matter how my life has changed (matter how my life has changed)
I keep on looking back on better days
You probably think that you are better now, better now
You only say that 'cause I'm not around, not around
You know I never meant to let you down, let you down
Woulda gave you anything, woulda gave you everything
You know I say that I am better now, better now
I only say that 'cause you're not around, not around
You know I never meant to let you down, let you down
Woulda gave you anything, woulda gave you everything, oh whoa
I promise
I swear to you, I'll be okay
You're only the love of my life
You probably think that you are better now, better now
You only say that 'cause I'm not around, not around
You know I never meant to let you down, let you down
Woulda gave you anything, woulda gave you everything
You know I say that I am better now, better now
I only say that 'cause you're not around, not around
You know I never meant to let you down, let you down
Woulda gave you anything, woulda gave you everything, oh whoa
Would you guys say you are "better now"?
Woohoo!
alexa can we play fortnite?
this is so sad
(cry)
My friend
any real niggas in the chat?
I appreciate that
i told him to venmo to yourself and provided phone number
philip is down
me pay
this is understood
ye
2 dose
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
yeah whats the cost per dose
ye
ur a fiend
eat
he est it
milo want acid
4 acid
dose
how much is does
me want 4
round to 4 for me
lets round to 4
ye
also make sure to bring the shrooms and acid jett
Always gettin baked
You all negus is potatoes
NEW Smash LEAK!? BEN SHAPIRO in Smash?! NO CLICKBAIT! REACTION VIDEO.
Communist SJW Libtard DECAPITATED with SHAPIRO'S SUPERIOR IQ


Communist SJW Libtard DECAPITATED with SHAPIRO'S SUPERIOR IQ


I remember that
you got the bread and you dont even know what to do with it
you absolute fool
you fool
join us parsable
stop playing smash
milo
Ben
time to meme
time to meme
cs go is free to play
That's the plan
See, now that'd be gay
Its a woman at that point
Yeah, I'd still smash
I'd smash the second one not gonna lie
ok third one then
me guess first one
perhaps a cute little fox?
parsa would you prefer women with more fur?
And not carbon copies
They are all very unique in this
Its true
Kira is a thot?
I guess parsa doesnt appreciate the female form
Why should we appreciate them?
But what about thots?
We all appreciate the female form
Guys
Google pretends like it listens to jojo OP's daily too xd
Good question.
[Intro]
(Jojo! Jojo! Jojo!)
(Jojo! Jojo! Jojo!)

[Verse 1]
Brothers -
Two stars that run across
All the heavens in the night
And they’re stirring -
The surface of the dark
And the surface of the light
And their ripples echo together
As they’re burning bright

[PreChorus 1]
And the sun will lead the way
For all of those who seek the path - into glory
And a sacrifice to pay -
For all who would pursue
A way to rise above

(Jojo! Jojo! Jojo!)
(Jojo! Jojo!)

[Chorus 1]
Throbbing hearts are always ever
Burning as if they were in flames
The pulse that’s ever beating from their palms
The courage that is pumping through their veins
With bravery, embrace the blood that holds their fate
SONO CHI NO SADAME - JOJO

[Verse 2]
Nothing -
That he could ever do
Once the dice have all been cast
An adventure -
He wanders without end
But he never can advance
How bizarre? He tumbles and tumbles
He’s spiraling down

[PreChorus 2]
But the soul within a man
Who faces all his fears will be ever golden
And the two who met back then -
They fight so they can find
A way to rise above

(Jojo! Jojo! Jojo!)
(Jojo! Jojo!)

[Chorus 2]
And now the curtains rising on a story, a perpetual tale
As lives will clash the sparks will cast a light
On secrets hidden from their youthful days
Shine if fortune may upon tomorrow’s way
SONO CHI NO SADAME - JOJO

[Bridge]
Both their fates together in a
Knot that they can never quite untie
Ever since it started on that
Single fateful moment there in time

[Chorus]
Throbbing hearts are always ever
Burning as if they were in flames
The pulse that’s ever beating from their palms
The courage that is pumping through their veins
With bravery, embrace the blood that holds their fate

And now the curtains rising on a story, a perpetual tale
As lives will clash the sparks will cast a light
On secrets hidden from their youthful days
Shine if fortune may upon tomorrow’s way
SONO CHI NO SADAME - JOJO
Its the dankness you've been searching for
any retards in the chat?
If you think time is valuable, you do end up paying
So grind
Who do you think has the time to grind cards in hearthstone who isnt a streamer, pro player or someone in between
Thats what a f2p game is suppose to make you think, hence its monetization
I did say that
So you do, but with an investment of more time
I did say that it was in the grind
[1544297896] Eric Huang: hearthstone you can eventually get all cards as f2p

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
xd
Fair enough.
Artifact is more honest with its monetization
Because thats the point
You just don't realize it
You end up paying more
Hearthstone is a f2p, the cost is baked into the game with the inherent grind and the ability to buy cards in game and recycle them into a shitty currency that is designed to fuck you over because the game is free
all those cards are also very good cards
He's pretty good
No one is making you buy the card
and then Kanna at $7
Then Drow at $10
at around $14
The most exspensive card is Axe
Buying cards in Artifact isn't that exspensive
Rubick Arcana Leaks
Referred to as a "Mantle" and appears to use the BACK slot. (Speculation based on changes)

Uses kill tracker gem.

Has postgame UI support.

Custom VO for all old lines.
Ha!
Yall negus is out here lookin like bonobos
I am so proud
Drinkin outta cups
look at these guys
Large
(laugh)
krappa
This guy
Xd
Hehe
Nice!
I feel you
Hands down
One day
(laugh)
I will try
Thanks anyway!
(smile)
I am so proud
(sad)
So it makes sense
Scarra is a libtard
Fair enough.
and the only reason I know about him is because of the good Admiral
Who streams
Apparently he's a weeabo
 Are you guys familiar with JakenBake?
Just play dota 2 u frickin frick xd
DOTA 2 BABY
You know what else is pretty fun?
I bet it is
That's the spirit!
I was not
Sight
these nibbas really talking about jojo's bazaar quest
(smile)
Life is good
I'm literally sacrificing slaves to my dragon god
This new lore is making me yikes hard
YIKES
you can legit make a slave army and send them in to weaken the enemy
only if you want
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
You get to enslave people
New Northgard Clan POG
I see them
But thats just how I wake up
I mean same
That is preferable
It’s true
Is the acid in a transportable form?
Gates open!
and how much
is the question
how much does he have for sale tho jett
but we still want the shroom 2
me and michael want acid
how much 4 acid jet?
I wouldnt mind acid as well
I love shrooooooooooooooooooooooooooms
How much is for sale?
I require the most potent
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
Milo cant get shrooms: A discussion
specifically in the day time
Shrooms are best in nature
[1543975987] Michael Bateman-Shirley: why u wanna be inside tho

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
This is so sad, alexa can we play despacito?
G Russ
G Russ
6 months ago
Pretty sad that you feel the need to preface that you are white and therefore your opinion may not hold as much value as someone who isnt.﻿

77


MrPopadopoulis
MrPopadopoulis
6 months ago
He's simply acknowledging that he's speaking on topics he's seen from a distance, as someone not of a particular group of people, rather than experiencing first-hand. How is that a bad thing?﻿

76


Hovsep
Hovsep
6 months ago
MrPopadopoulis what hasent he experienced 1st hand that has to warrant a disclaimer of that caliber?﻿

7


MrPopadopoulis
MrPopadopoulis
6 months ago
Being black in America - which is a very particular and unique experience. I thought that was obvious.﻿

41


G Russ
G Russ
6 months ago
MrPopadopoulis Personally, I think it’s redundant for someone to point out ones “race” before engaging in any topic that involves those outside of it.﻿

16


Hovsep
Hovsep
6 months ago
MrPopadopoulis being black in america is such an obtuse statment thats coined so often that it's gotten as tired as the narrative its trying to push. Why must we keep alienating a certain demographic? Blacks, Asians,Whites, we are all human.﻿

17


MrPopadopoulis
MrPopadopoulis
6 months ago (edited)
G Russ That's fair, I think he honestly was just trying to be as careful as possible in getting into a potentially volatile subject.﻿

7


Evan Meyer
Evan Meyer
6 months ago
G Russ It's necessary because he doesn't want to get lumped in with internet comentariats that assume they know everything about a specific experience despite only going through said experience second hand.﻿

4


Evan Meyer
Evan Meyer
6 months ago
Hovsep As much as these categories are intellectually obsolete, your race, gender, orientation etc. Directly shape your life experience and perception.﻿

22


MrPopadopoulis
MrPopadopoulis
6 months ago (edited)
Yeah, as Evan Meyer mentioned, acknowledging that people happen to be treated differently for what they look like seems more like being intellectually honest about the subject. He's not saying that they are different as people in any way, just that a black experience - with all the variations on what that can mean for a specific black person - is always going to be different from a white experience, at least at this point int time in America.﻿
 
2


Bryant Crosby
Bryant Crosby
6 months ago
G Russ Hes talking about black issues. So no, it isnt sad at all.﻿
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Cal Chuchesta. The depth is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of continental philosophy and current events, most of the lyrics will go over a typical listener's head. There's also Cal's optimistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from 19th century British literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these lyrcis, to realise that they're not just deep- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Cal Chuchesta truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the aesthetic nuance in Cal's idealistic line "Slappin' it, choppin' it, choppin' it (Ayy!)" which itself is a cryptic reference to Walter Benjamin's "The Work of Art in the Mechanic Age of Reproduction". I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Cal's genius wit unfolds itself in their ears. What fools.. how I pity them.﻿
 

Anthony I understand that you need to cover this story and give your opinion to feed your 7 hungry children, but did you need to scream the N word for at least 2 minutes at the end?﻿


Great video, but was it really necessary to invert your red flannel halfway through, revealing it to be a confederate flag? Little overboard maybe﻿
Anthony, thank you for always balancing mature and measured social commentary with a unique and actually entertaining  personal take. Few can manage to accomplish both. Unsubscribed.﻿
And a treasure
Slacks is beautiful
M E L O N
Oh I've seen it
xd
I think one of the most intelligent things peterson said in that interview was that the media thinking pepe was a hate symbol was really just bait set by internet trolls to make the media look stupid
Autoresponse was clean that time
Everyone
And I also got the sense he wasn't a fan of peterson
He can be, but he made some really good points about this in particular
Damb we both knew it was time
xd
Fair enough.
But he did a good job disproving it
I found that video tangentially, the actual video itself that he made his video in response to was a long debate
Anthony Fantano, the internet's busiest music nerd, actually did a video a while ago on the thing that I think David is referring to and he essentially said "without religion there would be no art" and anthony spent the video disproving that statement
Anthony Fantano, the internet's busiest music nerd, actually did a video a while ago on the thing that I think David is referring to and he essentially said "without religion there would be no art" and anthony spent the video disproving that statement
You were right david he did say some stupid stuff
xd
I did mention that she was really unprofessional before the interview and that really made him especially impatient in this interview
He is, but she's implying what he's doing is somehow consciously malignant
I think he said that because she was definitely trying to frame him as some sort of snake oil salesman to discredit him
I don't doubt that at all, I think he's definitely making some money off of this
I don't know the man myself so I couldn't say, but thats just as likely
Could be
I think it's probably due to assuming everyone has a familiarity given the Bible and thus references to god are found throughout western civilization
What does he say david
xddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
I was just thinking take their land
Are they salty?
I think we should annex them
I'm for that
You're not wrong
Is it because he's canadian?
I think jordan does a good job of not immediately dismissing things without using FACTS and LOGIC
Appreciate it!
I actually listened to why he was like this on this particular interview, which is because the interviewer was not the least bit professional before the interview and came into it with a bias despite being a person of "journalistic integrity"
I actually listened to why he was like this on this particular interview, which is because the interviewer was not the least bit professional before the interview and came into it with a bias despite being a person of "journalistic integrity"
!
xd
Show me on the dialectic where he touched you david
As part of our 30th-anniversary dissection of masculinity, Helen Lewis interrogated controversial Canadian academic and bestselling author Jordan Peterson about the patriarchy, #MeToo, the alt-right, gay parenting, fascist ideologies, his all-beef diet and much more...
I know right
I knew it
Xddddddddddddddddddddddddd
darksiders 2 was pretty good
This is correct.
Dark siders 3 is out?
I know xd
I believe you
I'm serious though
(cwl)
And she agreed
You laugh, but I suggested that to my grandmother
Because of efficiency
We should change death penalty to gladiator fight to the death
We should change death penalty to gladiator fight to the death
If you had a bunch of these dogs you could just gather their shit and then throw it at the neighbors you don't like
Im monky
Basically.
Fun isn't something one considers when watching youtube videos, but this.. does put a smile on my face﻿

Nice!
This.
and this is eggcellent
you're trying to reverse black klansman him
Go ahead
Why not?
Approved
But it is
So fuck you mars you dick xd
I said Gandhi only because the position of my dot was about on top of the theoretical dot that they placed Gandhi at
This is unrelated
Oh god I can see it now
Its true, GabeN would hire the best burger chefs the world has to offer and give them a place to stay in Steam City
they probably wont but it would be the dankest meme
I actually really want Valve to do something like this
It is beautiful
In International waters so volvo can run their gaming empire
In International waters so volvo can run their gaming empire
Steam City
I guess it does
I actually landed about where Gandhi does on the compass
I like that my economic score is almost a polar opposite to michaels
xd
Economic Left/Right: -6.5 
Social Libertarian/Authoritarian: -3.49
Yeah, its kind of loaded because its assuming you'll land into one of the predetermined sections, there isn't any middle ground to be categorized into
Whomst
Nose
Knee
Indubitably.
This is under consideration.
Fair enough.
shrooms and acid
ye lemme get uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
xd
Press X to doubt
Or else milo might eventually accidentally get some
Yeah get some shrooms
That's the spirit!
Perhaps you've seen it, maybe in a dream.
A murky, nuttish land.
A place where not nutting may mend your ailing mind.
You will lose everything...
... once Branded.
The symbol of the nut.
An augur of nut.
Your past. Your future. Your very seed.
None will have meaning, and you won't even care.
By then, you'll be something other than human.
A thing that feeds on nutting.
A nutter.
Long ago, in a walled off land, far to the north, a great king built a great kingdom.
I believe they called it Nutleic.
Perhaps you're familiar.
No, how could you be.
But one day, you will stand before its decrepit gate.
Without really knowing why...
Like a nutter drawn to a thirst trap.
Your cock will burn in anguish.
Time after time.
For that is your fate.
The fate of the Nutter.
Perhaps you've seen it, maybe in a dream.
A murky, nuttish land.
A place where not nutting may mend your ailing mind.
You will lose everything...
... once Branded.
The symbol of the nut.
An augur of nut.
Your past. Your future. Your very seed.
None will have meaning, and you won't even care.
By then, you'll be something other than human.
A thing that feeds on nutting.
A nutter.
Long ago, in a walled off land, far to the north, a great king built a great kingdom.
I believe they called it Nutleic.
Perhaps you're familiar.
No, how could you be.
But one day, you will stand before its decrepit gate.
Without really knowing why...
Like a nutter drawn to a thirst trap.
Your cock will burn in anguish.
Time after time.
For that is your fate.
The fate of the Nutter.
One of us
Monorail!
Monorail!
My pleasure!
Nice!
right after?
ha liberal cuck
when are we all gonna play civ guys?
now this, is epic
And some fell shrooms into your hands?
And some fell shrooms into your hands?
I knew it
tyler the creator gay
xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
Auto response has my back
No thanks
Have some potato salad
Thanks man!
Why?
xddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
Happy weekend!
If we were to do campaign what day would be considered?
I appreciate it
 G E T T I N  H I G H  T I M E
fuck it
aight
I'm actually proud of that monkey, if got pretty fat off lettuce
Repeatedly.
hence the group name
We also need to have a Civ 5 dick measuring contest at some point
But I am scared
took a fat L
F in chat for our fallen brother, Cartoon Frames
And bacon.
I just want Todd "Godd" Howard to whisper sweet lies to me while he sells me Skyrim for the millionth time
I just want Todd "Godd" Howard to whisper sweet lies to me while he sells me Skyrim for the millionth time
fuk u cuck
It's a good idea
alright guys lets all get artifact to raise the winrate of Rix'y Business and Hostage Situation
Inside
guys donate to keep the autism going xd
An Ode to Bronson the cat
Bronsons rule. You don’t like the Bronson, you suck!

What is this, Bronson Captain? What is this - Bronson-Bronson party? Who didn’t invite me? Why didn’t I get invited?
Bronson - Bronson HELL. What is this? Get real. I’m in love with Bronsons. I’m in love with ‘em. They’re so beautiful and cute - I’m in love with the Bronson. They’re fuckin’ unreal, I love them

They’re like all the Bronson - I love them. I love Bronson. And I love lookin’ at ‘em
And I love Bronson. I love Bronson things. I love things with Bronson and Bronson on ‘em. Like Bronson, and Bronson, and Bronson. I love ‘em
Bronsons rule. You don’t like the Bronson, you suck!

What is this, Bronson Captain? What is this - Bronson-Bronson party? Who didn’t invite me? Why didn’t I get invited?
Bronson - Bronson HELL. What is this? Get real. I’m in love with Bronsons. I’m in love with ‘em. They’re so beautiful and cute - I’m in love with the Bronson. They’re fuckin’ unreal, I love them

They’re like all the Bronson - I love them. I love Bronson. And I love lookin’ at ‘em
And I love Bronson. I love Bronson things. I love things with Bronson and Bronson on ‘em. Like Bronson, and Bronson, and Bronson. I love ‘em
arright you heard it here folks, no campaign
campaign this weekend?
campaign this weekend?
Hehe
Dota is an eggcellent game, I don't know what you're talking about
(laugh)
well played volvo
when i opened dota 2
Valve just forced me to watch their newest animation about artifact
Artifact out POG
We all have
Ha!
Xd
It's Bencil Sharpencil
But it is
The liberal cucks have done it again
The liberal cucks have done it again
Which one?
Its the furry agenda
Flair
It looks like a mouse on two legs kind of
Artifact
guys
I know xd
I will not click
I am on mobile
Beautiful
An augur of darkness
The symbool of the curse
a legend gone too soon
Rip in peace
ye
A blessed song
campaign when
because thats a card in Artifact xd
Because they're gonna replace it with SHIELD of Aquila
I just realized why they removed RING of Aquila
and it was correct
and it was correct
skype auto response thought this would be an appropriate response
I know xd
I would just tell them "existence is a spook" xd
What would you tell them?
Guys, if you were about to be assassinated, but you were able to tell your assassin one thing before you died
(laugh)
What's your name?
Haha
now this is epic
techies has always been able to wipe the enemy team if they walk into his traps like autists and dont carry detection
they just made the mistake of letting the enemy team get a competent techies player xd
Yeah I was stealing some horses
It’s true, he won’t be able to live with himself after reading the good news
by dark pact
and hex being dispellable
and the changes to leash
and his permanent agi steal
its true
slark is honestly very strong
This is true
POWAH
he's lazy with power
The fat kobold is the besst
Koh the Bold?
because we need a vhoul hero
I want them to add Rix to Dota
also slacks
this video here though illustrates new lion pretty well
to take them out of the fight
but I always had to use it on someone solo
i did have a magnus
its on his ult
xd
right click
if someone dies within 3 seconds of getting ulted or if they immediately die you get permanent +50 damage
the buff to lion ulti actually really makes him scale
todd is my friend
reel negroe hours
ye
Diablo 4 might have been a diablo dark souls
Guys
england was getting damickey and attacking city states and other civs who were basically my gold slaves, so I had to bust out the naval might of venice and mcdonalds them with cheap but powerful naval units xd
that feel when u pull a germany and use submarines to utterly neuter the enemies navy as venice xd
It was beautiful to watch it live
Big yikes from me dog
The grand betrayal
It’s true
If someone attacks a city state and conquers it?
How bad is it
Guys
Yoga
Nothing like gunning down Shoshone missionaries because they decided to build a city on my beautiful island continent 
A game
Yeet of legends
I have a family thing xd
I did not acquire it
America just asked me for 970 gold
Germany and Korea are fighting America right now
Nothing gets me harder than having twice the max trade routes of other civs xd
Spork
It’s true
Imagine going for supremacy victory and then losing the late game because you didn’t have that much science to begin with xd
Inconceivable!
Alright it’s time to have a Civ slam jam guys
As does the Cult of the Cuck
Cuckonia and Cuckton disagree
Alongside the dutch
Venice is one of my favorite civs to play
Guys is it better to go tradition or liberty for Venice?
YOU ARE BEING CONVERTED
Converts you
Converted
Guys if a Korean man came up to you, let’s just say it’s Philip, and he tries to convert you what do you do?
Woo!
I only work with what autoresponse gives me
Is it though?
The pinnacle of Moba memes
Are you real?
I hope not
conference call in samecord to discuss big boy camping
Its time for big boy camping
oof
Big boy camping?
uh xd
I am glad too
Xd
Its true
Why injun
What is the thing he is competing with
Why david
I am sorry
Guys, imagine being a woman
I use to appreciate Purge's excessively long patch notes
3 and a half hours of Admiral Bulldog reading patch notes
Surprised IGN didn't just say, game gud and give it 10/10
Damb, 30 seconds in and he only just stopped roasting it
IGN?!?!?!
yeee
Campaignwhen
Nods
I literally going to pull a sneaky on Spain by building a railroad through really rough terrain and then blitzkrieging those Spanish fanatics
Gotta bless up
That feel when you want to build a railroad to another Civ’s capital so you can more effectively move troop and take it xd
Xd
Now big black dick Friday is something I can get behind
Xd
It is
why the homosexual name?
Mars
As you should
It’s true
phuk u
no
Memelo really out here with the weeb memes
Would you believe him if he told you that was his name?
Guys what would happen if you met a guy named Nate Higgers?
The citizens of Cuckton gladly gave their lives to hinder the japanese menace
I don’t have to, those dirty japs were starved for the blessed citrus and Cuckton was glad
Imagine trying to colonize the length of the Euphrates and Tigris rivers only to piss off your northern neighbor and have him take all of your cities xd
so we can play any flame each other xd
only $15
quickly buy Civ 6
complete the amoore brother pair
join us memelo
Praise OsFrog and GabeN
of course xd
a nigma really said he's depressed and dipped
Ha!
its a very different game
ye
A negus just played his first game of doto
Because
Y I K E
I guess so
Post Malone is a high skill champ?
[B]roast Malone
I am on it
Essentially.
[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
Alright, um, Wolf Haley, Odd Future, Wolf Gang nigga
You know what, you know, fuck it
I don't even wanna go
I'm gonna let my little brother Earl Sweatshirt get on you niggas
Hey Earl, hit em...

[Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt]
So I'm guessing there's questions that need addressing, huh?
Like how we fresh in our adolescence and wrecking 'em
Hand 'em tracks, he destined to make a mess of 'em
Snapping necks and records in matter of seconds, check 'em son
Lost an erection and found it in an aggressive nun
Fucking chin-checking punks 'til he's outta breath and done
No FX, in these doper than sess sessions son
Chilling for a while on a pile of the rest of 'em
Let the crowd choose who can fucking last longer
It's the rap monger, rap monster, Earl Sweat, attack, conquer
Lose least, niggas lost like the last blanca chica
That we picked up at the last concert
Please, get out your seat, get out your seat, verses written with scalpels
He's the junior king standing out shouting on the balcony
How come he's not in counseling? Fucker's loud while he's sound asleep
Heard he was dope as Sour D, nigga, was Courage cowardly?
Stay gold, alchemy, nigga we rap's alpha team
Mr. Teen and Mr. T with a mouth full of powder
And a nose full of chowder, he's chopping up all the doubters see
Now watch him count the bodies like bitches be counting calories

[Verse 2: Tyler the Creator]
Fuck with the Wolves, we starting to bark viciously
Catch us in a pile of bodies where dead bitches be
Box Logo hoodies and goodies from buddies that understand
That Bastard was buzzing like Woody so we get it for free
Had to duct tape the mother goose; the mask was off
I stumbled down a hill then I had Jill jack me off
Harder than my dick when Taylor Swift is in my basement
Cause I've been doing this since Pooh fucked Christopher Robinson
Wolf Gang knitted on my cotton like some smelly
Dirty rotten nigga picked it from a cotton gin
Do not give a fuck I've got the swagger of a virgin's dick
But if I did it would be bigger than Earl's upper lip
Sip sizzurp, Supreme on my shizzirt
I munch a bunch of tacos with Waverly's favorite wizard
The favorite nigga turned into Freddy Kruger
And this that raw shit, dead bodies chopped up in the sewer
From the palms of Jeffrey Dahmer, baby mamas said the kicks
Beat like the brown lip balm that was made for Rihanna
All you fucking bloggin' faggots yappin' up that extra shit
I'll shove Bastard down your throat, regurgitate my excrement
Them 2DopeBoyz is fairies they're Peter like boysenberries
Meka scary, turn his white ass to a Jim Carrey twin
A fuckin' sausage fest will them shaky niggas get married then
2DopeBoyz don't want beef, they're just overweight vegetarians

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
Fucking faggots
Wolf Gang, Kill 'Em All
Don't give a fuck, litter life
Earl Sweatshirt, Tyler, The Creator
I mean, Wolf Haley
Fucking radical

[Outro: Jasper Dolphin]
Haha Niggas murdered this shit, know what I’m saying
Odd Future Wolf Gang, know what I’m saying
Fuck them dope faggots my niggas
We don’t give a fuck nigga, we a wolf pack my nigga, we keep you up barking and shit nigga
Niggas, little niggas doing it big, know what I’m saying, y'all niggas 40 and shit still in the game
These young niggas come outta nowhere taking out all that shit, know what I’m saying
Give me a iced out motherfucking Odd Future donut chain, like fuck everybody else nigga, Wolf Gang
I will
I know why
Ye
You literally hit r and just take your hands off the keyboard and watch him go ape shit
Troll Warlord
This is just nutty
Reworked Battle Trance. Now causes you to go into an uncontrollable trance, forcing you to attack the closest targets in a 900 AoE. During this trance, you are unslowable and cannot die. Grants +140/170/200 Attack Speed, +30/35/40% Movement Speed and +40/60/80% Lifesteal. Lasts 6.5 seconds. You gain normal vision over the target you are currently locked on. Cooldown: 90. Manacost: 150
Multicast now affects targeted offensive items. Will cause the item to cast again at a different random enemy unit
I hope not
I'm sure Dva was getting reemed and teamed well before she was legal in koreaboo land
Its true, but on the internet who can really tell?
Doesn't mean they don't look like 12 year olds though xd
I wouldn't imagine it otherwise
Of course they are
I find no joy in their prepubescent forms
I do not appreciate the loli's sadly
(sad)
Hehe
Imagine calling a furry a vastaya to reconcile the fact that you can't explain all these animal people you made up and put into your thoughtfully-crafted and uniformly developed game xd
The funeral for Chester
I just started
I just started
Imagine not actually being deceased at this very moment
D E C E A S M E N T
This was not on contract
What did you say?
looks at Milo intensely
If we had shrom 
I mean
It's real
Oh we trying to decease?
Negusi is really deceasing over here
Woo!
Alright
I am just curious
And why?
I am blushing
whr us shrom
Yes we are
We haf no shnrom
You tell me
I do not see anything
this was expected
no reel nibbas?
Any real nibbas?
One of us
Really tasting Virgil
real negroe shit?
(laugh)
but its still november xd
(smile)
Indubitably.
Ow.
(sad)
Where shroom milo ;(
Guys theres a new sseth video!!!!!
You're all truly wonderful, have a good one
Black mane
Grandma told me get yo money
Black mane get yo money
I guess so
Faker? more like baker
I am right
conference call to discuss this controversy
xd
Woo!
If they made it so that you get a baseline amount of cards just through playing it and removed the price tag, it would literally print money
damb
Is there no way to get cards without buying them?
It's true
Although, we may not want him to given the possibilties
It is well within his ability to do so
If you don’t know Virgil you better get to know him
(sad)
I'm just glad he was watching over us last night
Its true
None can deny
He's a strong boy
Deceasememt was achieved 
It’s true
Rng gud
Gay
Fegit 
U gay
Crit chance not opt in
Who make sure it’s autism is barely held in check
The rng is mitigated by the targ ranglers 
When?
You sure will
See you there
Surprise!
cucked
Alright so parsa won't be there but thats a given
Alright so parsa won't be there but thats a given
who shall be in attendance?
What's your name?
Ha!
and gordita
the language of the chalupa
yeh
That was taco
Estas cenando con su madre ahora?
Estas cenando con su madre ahora?
when we meetin
alright
xd
Wojak over here lookin borderline rarted
Artifact is an eggcellent game for those who can appreciate complexity
B E A C H  T I M E
Wait when is campaign?
SPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDWAGon
It's too far gone
We can't stop it
Agreed
You guys like the youtube channel Oxhorn?
Nice meme
🅱️oolin
Literally a scene out of the Office, but its real life
You absolute fiend
where's the shrooms memelo
So uh
haHAA
fuck u dunk is never wrong
Bethesda engine bad xd
I did not think so
and absolute ape
Youre an ape mars
(laugh)
Nnice
Me say yes?
But you have to decide
Same
Lets let michael decide
Did someone say
Ur an ape if you think we wont be able to navigate
yeah the beach
Yeah what about the shrooms memelo
C O N F E R E N C E  C A L L  T I M E
Now let us await the memes
negusi
Fallout 76 has been out
mars be honest, you dont like Post Malone because you're intimidated by his enormous shmeat
Illusion: 100
Illusion: 100
Post is a good rapper though, he managed to convince people that he is a rapper despite singing as if he were a rockstar
xd
Also check your privilege michael
Same
(laugh)
He's successful, it doesn't mean he's the brightest bulb in the building xd
It true, he doesn't have enough braincells left to have an agenda
Yeah, its very tiring
absolutely autistic
and used Young Thug as an example of a good rapper
Literally said Future drowned his sorrows in codeine as if that was admirable
Calling white privilege on Posty and then absolutely romanticizing other black trap rappers like they're so inspired and original
Also like an absolute cuck
He literally sounded like any other neckbeard on reddit with too much time to think about really minute things
Anonymous internet forums exist for that purpose, not news organizations
I'm just amazed the post thought that that article was worth publishing
It was just about how blacker berries are sweeter than the ones that aren't as dark
Yes it does, Michael if you don't submit to the groupthink you're a nazi and need to be vilified
Music
For not calling what is essentially elevator music over some crying in the background
What a fool I am
You're right, I just can't appreciate his unique and original sound
xd
Let's Argue: Joji would be Nothing Without Filthy Frank
Let's Argue: Joji would be Nothing Without Filthy Frank
I am sorry
I am going to
Pow!
He's good
Sounds good
Indeed it was
Nice meme
Haha
A noble goal
Truer words never spoken
I believe it
Baby
Appreciate it!
damn
Really hit us with old reliable
Im just gonna go beat one off right now
What a fool I am
I really just got pranked
Damn
Now you actually need to clap her cheeks
Thats clean milo
Oh this is spicy
Point us to the one that did it
Is this the one?
Was this her milo?
Were you working on a group project?
Were you working on a group project?
Did you atleast grunt and or moan when you bust?
We need enough
Cheers!
Black?
Thicc?
How tall?
Were you sober?
was she black?
We need to debate this
conference call time
alright
Some good dome?
oh?
[1542155022] Michael Bateman-Shirley: some women are big idiots and don't let you cream em

&lt;&lt;&lt; Which is an absolute crime
8? 9?
What was she on the scale memelo?
Because this chat isn't named the name it is for no reason ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
and not pulled out
You better have hit it raw milo
Did you clap some cheeks memelo?
Oh EggCEllet
Cue
Cue
Correct.
Which episode?
Which episode?
Archer
Monorail!
Cue
Cue
Cue
Sigh
Cue
Oops
Cue
It's delicious.
Roadhouse.
What's the reference?
Cue
Why not?
no
Xd
Imagine viewing anything as anything other than a spook
Imagine getting upset over a videogame OmegaLuL
Brand new whip for these negus like slavery?
(laugh)
I am not alone!
Yeah we did
Yes it is
xd
Chief just called and said this is it
Big faxx
Oh truth
That's what I heard
and bofa
Job
I wanna be winston
I hope so
His smug, knowing smile as he understands that the people who look at this photo will never know the untold wealth that Volvo has brought him, but in his knowing he forgets the things that he does not know, for example the number that lies between 2 and 4 just within reach but just beyond his understanding.
Look upon GabeN in all his glory
I'm a Todd. How can you kill a Todd?

What a grand and intoxicating Chess Club bliss.﻿
GabeN knows I carry the blessing of DotaPlus
Pass the whiskey
Bots
He was wrong xd
Actually now that I think about it, Skyrim Online would be pretty dank
Cheers!
No worries
Spicy
Todd "Godd" Howard
Fallout 76 will now be reworked into an Online version of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
Never too late
Local Skyrim Enforcers Dispatched
Todd Howard would like to know your location
True
Just a be fallout Chad
Like a true capitalist
Not gonna lie, if I were to play Fallout 76 I would try to control a valuable resource and just monopolize it
But it just works Michael
That that makes it try hard?
where did they put it
Where is the try hard
Also Stan Lee died apparently
It does
A lot of people are not liking [B]allout 76
A fallen soldier in the army of King Farstan
Can we get a moment of appreciation for another veteran: Chester Boulmeister?
Suicide is badass
Suicide is badass
dxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Yes we are
Deceasement?
Nevermind he's just chaotic evil then
Just change it to Lawful Evil then
I do not believe it
Unlucky
Chester was a caterpillar just waiting to become a beautiful butterfly
Is it?
what heresy is this
spongebob in german
xd
ye
My negus detector said your status was invalid
I guess not
negus status revoked: seek you nearest negus irl and inquire about recovering negus privileges
any reel nigas?
u h
U h
don't tempt me ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Now it has a slice out of it
It was a perfect creampie
Why you gotta change the picture memelo
What in the goddam... ?
What in the goddam... ?
Let's keep this in the groove, hey? Smooth moves. Smooth...
It was time
KUALA LUMPUR MAJOR BABY
pizza
i give 1 Pepis out of a Gondola
RTZ and Sumail trading 4 for 1 was very dank
Its mandatory
You gotta
Pepis and Gondola have a quiet beauty and purity that belies their seeming simplicity
are the best
Pepis and Gondola
Mark
Oh hi
This is actually one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen
Fair enough.
you guys ever just build a bunch of harbors and then hire mercenaries to wage a proxy war?
time to get it on sale and reenact WWI
Alright guys
GabeN be praised
7.20 confirmed for the 19th
you guys ever been clapping a thots cheeks and then have a dog just start eating your ass?
Hehe
I am here too
wemen
xdddddddddddddddddddd
omegalul
"Fairer" sex
Yeah I agree
Woo!
I know right
But yes BRÜGE is how it be
The person who voiced Starfire in the original Teen Titans also voiced Princess Bubblegum in Adventure Time
waiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
Brooj thinks so too
Fair enough.
I do not lose
(laugh)
Everyone knows Ultra Instinct Shaggy is one of the strongest characters across anime universes
I am on mobile
░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░ 
░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░░░░░░░ 
░░▓▓▓▓▒░░▒▒▓▓▒▒▓▓▓▓░░░░░ 
░▓▓▓▓▒░░▓▓▓▒▄▓░▒▄▄▄▓░░░░ 
▓▓▓▓▓▒░░▒▀▀▀▀▒░▄░▄▒▓▓░░░ 
▓▓▓▓▓▒░░▒▒▒▒▒▓▒▀▒▀▒▓▒▓░░ 
▓▓▓▓▓▒▒░░░▒▒▒░░▄▀▀▀▄▓▒▓░ 
▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒░░░▒▒▓▀▄▄▄▄▓▒▒▒▓ 
░▓█▀▄▒▓▒▒░░░▒▒░░▀▀▀▒▒▒▒░ 
░░▓█▒▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▓░ 
░░░▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▓▓░ 
░░░░░▓▓▒░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░ 
░░░░░░▓▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░░﻿
I lost my virginity while listening to this song 5 years ago, it's a funny story really.. i had just finished my gym workout and i was in the locker room all sweaty, and in walks this leather dressed jabroni.. he seemed confused as to where he was.. i told him he might have gotten the wrong door, then he got very rude and said "fuck you", then i said "nah fuck you leatherman" and then it escalated from there﻿
He's a good boy
No problem!
[1541624542] Michael Bateman-Shirley: dark souls lore

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
which was fairly dank
actually, borutos favorite food is hamburgers
I've always wondered about that, and the conspicuous lack of those of the....darker persuasion
its about a fun spunky kid who has everything handed to him because of his lineage and...oh wait xd
Of course, but thats not the point
xd
Nice meme
Burrito?
ye
and realistic in their characteriszations
and the characters are more believeable
they really do be, also the tone is a bit more lighthearted
Which is why its funny, that this one is more thought out
It didn't
The writing is better than in the original series
I will tentatively say
guys, after watching 6 episodes of Boruto
cough Solaire cough
Their song name is a quote from Dark Souls
Apparently, there is a song called To Seek My Very Own Sun
Michael, its no nut november
dxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
now your words will be misconstrued and the peanut gallery shall fill with mocking laughter
you fool
xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
Just like the video title says
It is a teaser
It's true
TODD YOU GLORIOUS BASTARD﻿
The game starts with you on a ship. Your ship is crashing on an uknown planet. you wake up on medieval cart
Text says elder scrolls skyrim
Attention, Diablo gamers! The nephalem needs YOUR help to defeat the Prime Evils and save Sanctuary! But to do this they're going to need plenty of potions and some uniques. To help them all Blizzard needs is your credit card number, the three digits on the back and the expiration month and year BUT you gotta be QUICK so the Nephalem can complete the Final Act and save the world!﻿
Just bought Gothic 3 for $2.49
If you want to
You guys just ever sit in your room with your dick out and watch videos?
They do.
muh nigma really grinding dark [b]ools 3?
and the nibbers go with thrones
We never paid heed to the ancient prophecies...
Wyverns are dragons
Wyverns are dragons
You already know
Bulldog not fat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hehe
she's actually like 30000000 million years old so its ok xd
blizzard knows their audience
for HoTS
How do you guys like blizzards new kawaii battle waifu?
these nuts shall not fail me
Yeah pretty much
yah vro
vroooooo......they have......magik muhsrrrms.........
hahh....vro.....we go amsterdam.........
(sad)
hah ok vro...........
vro.....i hate hair pit.........
hahah.....vroooo.....i hate.....
haha vroooo.....france have women.....yes....?
In sadness of course
Are you going to clap his cheeks?
Wouldn't you agree Michael 
When he tried to match the ranger with the big iron on his hip
BIG IRON
BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
Cause I'm taking out the trash
Cause I'm taking out the trash
can call me the janitor
But you guys
xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
because I'm always makin' bread
they call me the baker at school
Now this, is epic
undertale
That's what I was thinking
Auto response coming in hot
(laugh)
Yet.
We never paid any heed to the ancient prophecies. Like fools we clung to the old hatreds, and fought as we had for generations. Until the day the sky rained fire, and a new enemy came upon us. We stand now, upon the brink of destruction, for the reign of chaos has come at last.
(cwl)
Hi
I just really can't handle all these phonies and fakes
I just really can't handle all these phonies and fakes
Same
Thanks mike
Enjoy one hour of this
She's just a thot
[1541459807] Michael Bateman-Shirley: THERE ARE LOTS OF GIRLS THIS IS MY HAPPY PLACE

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
☝️
\👀
( )&gt;
/ \ she is very gorgeous to me
☝️
\👀
( )&gt;
/ \ she is very gorgeous to me


v
v
☝️
\👀
( )&gt;
/ \ she is very gorgeous to me
☝️
\👀
( )&gt;
/ \ she is very gorgeous to me
☝️
\👀
( )&gt;
/ \ she is very gorgeous to me
☝️
\👀
( )&gt;
/ \ she is very gorgeous to me
☝️
\👀
( )&gt;
/ \ she is very gorgeous to me
☝️
\👀
( )&gt;
/ \ she is very gorgeous to me
v
☝️
\👀
( )&gt;
/ \ she is very gorgeous to me
v
☝️
\👀
( )&gt;
/ \ she is very gorgeous to me
☝️
\👀
( )&gt;
/ \ she is very gorgeous to me
☝️
\👀
( )&gt;
/ \ she is very gorgeous to me
☝🏽👀
( (\
| |
- -
she is very gorgeous to me
☝🏽👀
      ( (\
       |  |
      -    -
she is very gorgeous to me﻿
☝️
    \👀
      (  )&gt;
      /  \ she is very gorgeous to me﻿
She's not a trap though
xd
SHE IS GORGEOUS TO ME
S T U D Y
xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
xddddddddddddddddddddd
because these nikkas always testin' me
people call me the study master
No worries
Cue
Hehe
No need for the flame
Whoa slow down there buckaroo
This is the autism I did not pay anything for
Hehe
Ha!
Indubitably.
Inconceivable!
Indubitably.
Oh well.
Nothing
Good guess
What's your name?
Thanks again!
Hey thanks!
What do you think?
Fair enough.
Sarcasm?
Affirmative.
No I am fine
Sigh
xd
Diablo Immortal
then you'll love the latest installment of the diablo franchise
oh eggcellent
Do you guys not have phones?
Haha
(sad)
No nut November really got a nibba feelin' some way
Its true
The good sister friede?
Hope you were using science thinking while debating the validity of women being gay
But I am high
I’m not gay
Indubitably.
Haha
xd
baked
y'all negus is potatoes
I NEED COOCHIE I NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIEI NEED COOCHIE
really out here posting thicc anime waifus
damn
Woo!
How do you negus feel about Warcraft 3: Reforged?
the cykas and blyats in russia always make some of the dankest memes
dxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
I definitely will!
I wish for a dank meme
make me a character
I don't mind having a character I didn't make
I don't mind having a character I didn't make
Sekiy
yike
Is the campaign ready?
Greetings, stranger. I'm not surprised to see your kind here. Many adventurers have travelled this way since the recent troubles began.

No doubt you've heard about the tragedy that befell the town of r/Diablo. Some say that Activision, the Lord of Casul, walks the world again.

I don't know if I believe that, but Blizzard did travel this route a few weeks ago. He was headed east to the mountain pass guarded by the D3 Community Managers.

Maybe it's nothing, but evil seems to have trailed in his wake. You see, shortly after the Blizzard went through, the subreddits were closed and strange creatures began ravaging the internet.

Until it's safer outside the camp and the gates are re-opened, I'll remain here with my caravan. I hope to leave for Wraeclast before the shadow that fell over D3 consumes us all. If you're still alive then, I'll take you along.

You should talk to Bex, too. She seems to be the leader of this camp. Maybe she can tell you more.﻿
niggas really out here doing naruto
I was not either
I was not either
thats what i like to hear
fresh cawfee
Go get it
really making a nibba get on samecord
Do they?
left-tism
leftism
That seems to be run unironically by someone who is an ardent communnist
is a page I follow
Because there
meme pages I guess
How about communist pages on instagram?
This is true
Confirmed
Guys how do you feel about communists?
I deem it clean
After hitting the Pax Era just now
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
That video reminded me of Risen 3 by Piranha Bytes which is totally not a Gothic clone set in another universe
I am a girl
Nah, they gotta be witch hunters because everyone else is a bunch of wickerman-worshiping infidels who must be purified
which would be eggcellent
would be like witch hunters or something
If they let the Kul'tirans be paladins they
WAIT
Its true
More prayer time = more piety
Yeah, thats why it likes them more
The light prefers those with more padding
That's why so many priests were fat
The fatter you are the holier
Yes there is
BLIZZARD IS RUN BY A BUNCH OF FUCKING NI-pples
Kul'tirans can't be paladins
Wait, so McCree had to defeat his crazy ex to rescue his robot waifu?
Fastest cock in the west
Reforged does look pretty dank
uhm its ackually called Reforged
Guess
Thanks again!
Thank you so much
Thank you!
Correct.
He's got a clean kit
RISING
URGE TO NUT
Pun
It seems better
After reading about the general reactions on reddit to Fallout 76
OKAY FELLAS 😤👊🏼 YALL 👥KNOW ‼️🤔 WHAT THE FUCK🖕🏻IS UP ⬆️ ITS NO 🙅‍♂️🚫NUT🥜 NOVEMBER🍂🍁 MAKE SURE 👍🏻 TO KEEPY 👀✊️ YALLS PEEPEE😱 IN UR 👈 PANTS 👖🤤 OR ELSE THE NUT 🥛🥜 MONSTER 👹 WILL CUM 💦 4 U 🙆‍♂️😫 AND DEEPTHROAT UR GINORMOUS COCK 🍆🍆😩💦💦 STAY ✋️STRONG 💪🏼👅 BOYS🍆🍆 SEND THIS TO 1️⃣0️⃣ OF THE BIGGEST 🙄 DICKED 😵🥒 FELLAS 👬 YALL KNO 🤔💡 IF U GET 0️⃣ BACK, U HAVE ✊️ A SMALL 😂 PEEPEE 🤢🤢 IF U GET 5️⃣ BACK, U 🤗 WILL GET UR 👉🏻 PEEPEE🍆 SUCCED 👅💋 IN DICKCEMBER 🎄🎄 GET 1️⃣0️⃣ BACK 🗣😻 AND U WILL BE FUCKED 😷😜 BY THE BADDEST 👩‍🎤👄BITCH ✋️💋 ON 🔛THE BLOCK 🍆👄💦🥜
Voracious and insatiable
In my appetites
I was just actually a fiend
I was clapping like a demon
My dreams were eggcellent
I think it a blessing
At first I thought this was a curse, but now
Nope not yet
Actually, this is will be interesting
I'm already beginning to levitate a little guys
and in this land, the thots are corralled and led to L.A. to be passed around, until the end of society
Yes indeed, the thot is branded by the thotsign
Guys if she has a back tattoo, utilize extreme caution
Not even close baby
Not even close baby
That suit is a limiter. This is just a small fraction of his powa.﻿


Fair enough.
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
Yum!
He really does
I can not either
Ha!
Hehe
I knew it
 a negus really out here
damb
Deceit negus?
TRIPLE GHEY?
theyre clean
oh wait, no
those are all expired though
This is true
Like despite all the females, all I could do was order the St Jude Meal Deal and then carry it just far enough to sit down on a curb and then consume like a retard
Next time
and we were both sooooooooooooo high
I was with Kiyan
I should have
Its true
Ye
They need to be kept under control
A lot of females over there not gonna lie, lotta thotties on the loose
thats some pussy shit
As a negus who dressed up as anthony fantano and got really high last night and booled in the USC area
if u lose
R pussi
You
Eggcellent circular logic right there
Genius
Its true                          
But it is
I hope so
That's what I do
I know you know
If you fail, you must acquire the shrooms or you must play enough dota 2 to play ranked and then get a rank
I challenge David, then
Who's left?
Excellent!
ACCEPT
YOU NIBBER
I
Good times
How far?
E V E R Y T H I N G
Truly, it was the entire package xd
Well done, well done
white?
It better have been
raw?
Was it good coochie?
did you get any coochie?
You already know
I want to see
What did you guys dress up as?
Guys for halloween I'm Anthony Fantano, the Internets Busiest Music Nerd
We must exterminate furries wherever they are found
and yes that is correct michael
soundcloud gay xd
You belong in crybaby jail parsa
Good deal!
Are you an avid fan of joji parsa?
I am sure they do
You are right
because I aint no spotify faggit
I am blushing
But this pax pod user thing would like to disagree
Will do!
You guys know that feel of walking into a dispensary and legally buying weed without needing a license
thats an oldie
What's your team?
only fake nibbas
xdddddddddddddddddddddddddd
Correct.
Precisely.
Hahaha
Any real negusi?
Just like I told that faggot chinese timbersaw
You can tell me
Yes it is
I have not
xd
Genetics
Because art mirrors life xd
Huzzah!
Indubitably.
I bet it does
michael was talking about drifting horses in real life xd
BERRY cool, BERRY inspirational
xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
I already am
I agree, so there is nothing to change xd
how many ladies in the house without a rich nigga, huh?
how many ladies in the house?
and tell Spike Lee he's a goddam nigger
Tyler the Creator
so it wasn't racist to begin with, it was artistic license
Parsa I was quoting an artist
It really do be like that
Damn
So you're telling me that if you went around and fucked more than 10 guys right now, you would not be gay?
I'm gonna lose it
Guys if we don't do what they do in this video
But if a man does it, he would be considered...gay
If a woman sleeps with 10 guys, she would be considered a slut.
Euphoric
Even though I have gorged myself, I could really go for some KBBQ
Oh im eating some ice cream right now
I agree
Its dank
Have you sampled the shrooms yet Jett?
Negus really out here just being actual fiends
damb
For food
Get high and become an absolute fiend?
You all negus ever
I guess not
[1540864221] Michael Bateman-Shirley: So la la la, look at my smiling face,
There are lots of girls, I'm in my happy place,
So la la la, this is my paradise'll live on.
Oh-lé-Yeah-Yo-Mmm. Oh!

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
So la la la, look at my smiling face,
There are lots of girls, I'm in my happy place,
So la la la, this is my paradise'll live on.
Oh-lé-Yeah-Yo-Mmm. Oh!
he's not wrong
But I can not
I would not
apologies Im too high for this
xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
Just be like every black father: absent
Not that bad
oh hellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll yEAH
Can I get a hell yeah?
I concur.
You already know
It is standard procedure after all
As you should
and get high
You B E A T
If you can't yeet
well you know what they say
its time to pony up
alright milo where the shrooms
Brock really had hoes in different area codes
Summoning demons and conversing with the damned requires a Pentagram, 5 pointed star.

Six points makes a Star of David, you'll end up summoning a dude who can do your taxes or gives great legal counsel.
but stopped after i got stuck on a shitty puzzle
and I have played it for a bit
I can't bring myself to play it on the console even though we have one
I wish Dad of Boy was on PC
xd
You already know
You all negus ever
oh BERRY cool
Furries?
Cause I'm always gettin this bread
Call me a toaster
Ask Todd
What do you say?
But its because I know you also love the e-girls so I had to give my guy a tasteroni
we were
The legends
You clearly haven't heard the tales
We gotta go to nevada to get these burgers
and if you dont wish to discuss that's too bad
any negus wishing to discuss the shrooming come into samecord
Lets get this bread
hahahah...vro you telling truth on me
we never do shroom vro.......
vro....you lie on me
when are we doing shroom though bois?
Mars knows whats up
unlucky
any deceit negus?
When your friend takes a third DMT rip before passing off the bong and falling into hyperspace
not all people are troglodytes such as thee
ah but parsa
 alright guys when we doing shrooms?
a negus really lackin in coochie
Ha!
you got it
You asked for danech
Like a lot of people who are very much into fallout are actually kind of skeptical about it after having played it
A lot of people are giving mixed reviews about Fallout 76
I am sorry
One more
eggcellent
is fucking atrocious
The state of coochie in america
I would expect nothing less
I got you
I'll take that as a no from parsa, so thats one down
I'll take that as a no from parsa, so thats one down
So uh who is on the amsterdam list?
I NEED COOCHIE REAL BAD
COOCHIE
Spare coochie?
Spare coochie anyone?
Just a little
you're not wrong
Mars how culturally significant was Black Panther for you?
Oh you know
[1540593700] Milo Amoore: 
Influence of the shepherd's spiritual radar - 1200/2000
Mental sponsorship:
Army. Yoryck and Mias Mest can make four sophisticated passengers in the command.

Last service. Erika broke enemy champion and gave a grave to the enemy, not the 12/8/4 hero, killing the last ceremony of each enemy. Urik can use the awakening to increase the temperature of the cemetery.

The last solemn stirring: 25 cooling control: 7 / 6.25 / 5.5 / 4.75 / 4
Last rite
Assets. New rhythosis is added to the main attack. Iorick has 50 bonuses within 6 seconds and the physical compensation is 12-82 (level), 24-164 based on the level) below 50% of the maximum health.

Physical loss:
30/55/80/105/130 (+ 40% of advertisements)
If at least three graves around Jorica can be granted to the vengeance of the last rituals to weaken.

Last Last Rites Reset Sleep Timer Iorick Attack.

Dark scratched area OBJECTIVE: 600 Cost: 70 Mine: 20/18/16/14/12 AKTIBO

Shattered Darkness: Urex 4 seconds The maximum target area around the circle is a circle of souls that I can not pass to the enemies within a second after a dark process of delay on the part of the heroes who attack the enemy and resolve, and then of receiving the appropriate damage, it can be 1 Damage per attack

The bones are amplified in rotation, each leak fails and melts immediately.

Health of the wall: 2/2/3/3/4

This morning's reliable variety Gabon: 700 price: 50/55/60/65/70 wants to calm down 12/11/10/9/8
Hubble and Gabon
Activity: Eurek manufactures blackberry yeast, which causes all enemies to lose at least 15% of their target area, with minimal damage to our health.

Gamay Kadaot more:
70 / L05 / L40 / L75 / 2L0 (percent + 70%)
The UEFA Champions League thinks the enemy is slowing down to 30 seconds at 2% to 20%. Note the impact of Iorek on the next 4 seconds of development.

the size of the island, the cost of 600, and 100, 160/130/100
zaseShiite island
If the daughter is eyayisekhompini, Rick is called the base or action of the points of his death, and He is quick.

Walk by the word;
2/3/4
  “Here on the island, fear! "

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
Reply to what?
Reply
Pow!
Bots
oh yes
alright michael its time
we do live in a society
a negus really out here
Hehe
xdddddddddddddddddddddd
My friend
I've heard of this one
(laugh)
Woo!
You know this!
You know this!
(cwl)
or on her period, unless you don't mind blood
Oh and make sure she doesn't have aids jett
One of the few moments in history I wish I could have witnessed
I still can't get over how when you fell you shouted niggers mars
guys if a girl has a boyfriend, shes baiscally single right?
You gotta wiggle
to quote chance the rapper
Hope you're ready for that blessing
alright alright
short?
Thicc?
nice nice, very decent
Better question, are you trying to smash?
is she smashable?
You won't get any coochie chasing after pokemon
truer grunts never grunted
its a free for all
but once you're in there
Even though you want to
be prepared, don't just dive in
towels are a neccessity
It gets messy though not gonna lie
F
(sad)
Because it is so very tempting
resist the urge to annihilate her
If she wimpers and tries to pull back in pain
And don't forget the atavistic grunting
You really just gotta devolve into an animal and just beat it up like an ape
for our fallen brother
F
and they usually don't have the endurance to pull it off
It gets dangerous
devil's tricycle?
tractor pull?
reverse cowgirl?
Lets assume missionary
whats your preferred position mars?
thank you for that milo
Ever busted raw?
Mars have you ever pulled a sneaky rafiki on a girl?
WHERE ARE ALL THE WHITE WOMEN AT?!?!?!?1
Gotta use some science thinking here boys
(wink)
And bacon.
4


44
4
4
4
4
4
v
v
v
4


4v
4
4


4
4
44
4
4
4

4
v


4
4
v4
4
4
4
4
4

4
4
v
4
v
4
v

v4

v
v

v
vv4
v
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
More importantly than this discourse on human sexuality, anyone wanna get high and play deceit?
I did not mean the streamer was gay in that scenario
I meant that at best you'd be attracting the gays
dont agree with me
fuck you mars
No
so unless you're gay, being attractive as a man doesn't net you nearly as much streamers
thats because the majority of people on twitch are guys though
I do not lie
Dad?
I would not call those men daddy
I don't think those guys are I N C R E D I B L Y attractive though, being attractive is also weighted differently for men and women
If i have to post gay stuff, then i prefer to post this picture
I see we're just posting pictures of men in the chat now
7 is attractive
I would give him a 7
that guy is average
Fair enough.
I think QT really has the homeless man look going on well though
Bigger than we could imagine
I mean even bigger milo
If QT was a male model in how he looked there is no doubt in my mind he would be one of the biggest streamers
No, we're being pedantic cucks and jerking ourselves off xd
Not that being attractive isn't beneficial
QT is proof that skill and charisma (personality) are greater than attractiveness
I watch QT for looks
David wheres the doctoral thesis explaining the dynamics of female twitch streamers I've been waiting for
You are important
David, theres no need to defend your waifu's honor
I would participate in the gangbang I think
Born in the Dire Safelane Hard Camp at the five minute mark, Neil "Armstrong" Centaur was constripted to the Dire cause at 11:59 by Faceless Void. Throughout his long life, Neil participated in fights in both the Top and Bottom lanes, and secured a kill on Weaver in the Middle lane. Neil even experiencecd stopped time within his master iceiceice's Chronosphere, but that short moment of immortality wasn't enough for such a respectable centaur, loving father, and loyal minion. In his final minutes, Neil valiantly fought off a weaver beetle infestation before succumbing to a Radiant Tower projectile. Neil died at 15:31 surrounded by his teamates, and exacting revenge on the Weaver who caused him so much pain. In the immortal words of Tsunami643, "You [Neil] died a hero... you beautiful beautiful boy..."
Eggcellent
WHATS THE TIMELINE LOOKING LIKE Milo 
Alright whats the amsterdam timeline lookin like boys?
They should be
xd
They still aren't
They still aren't
in samecord
join us
anyone wanting to discuss amsterdam
negus really clowning on me right now
Dam[B]
[1540434536] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Amsterdam 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
Nods
Hehe
Amsterdam
You're right
but yes
Auto-response never fails
I respect it
gotta be boolin
its [B]aw
If it wasn't raw
Was it protected or raw?
were you hittin from behind?
Eggcellent
dxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
You guys like topanga?
xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
It understood you couldn't be putting the disrespect on Cletus like that
xd
Thanks buddy!
Time to vape thru the bongus
I hope not
guys will puffing on a juul get me hopped up on nicotine?
O N Y O N
You like a guy who can take a fat rip from his nose?
black mane acquiring his currency
Correct.
"Shrimp is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it. There's uh, shrimp-kabobs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo. Pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried. There's pineapple shrimp, lemon shrimp, coconut shrimp, pepper shrimp, shrimp soup, shrimp stew, shrimp salad, shrimp and potatoes, shrimp burger, shrimp sandwich. That- that's about it."- Benjamin Buford 'Bubba' Blue﻿
What's yours?
Yep
I am on
I am online now
I am here too
why slav mikhail?
I do not have them
that catfish my own kid H3H3 one was pretty good
I love bender the dog too
MAGIC MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNN
my favorite character is
Fair enough.
I see we have a pingu
who's your favorite character from adventure time?
Guys
Yet.
Go get it
and what you see just really tickles your fancy
what do you do when you see the chat
Mars
What game is that?
we shall convene in the samecord
wouldst anyone care to join parsnip and I in deceit?
Have you hit it while making a sandwich though?
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxd
xdddddddddddddddddddd
which im inclined to agree with
But then someone had the incredible wisdom to respond to that by pointing out someone else having fun while doing something doesn't make it good xd
Someone actually made a comment saying that fantano is just bashing joji because he's having fun making his music
Precisely.
Woah
AKA the best teeth in the game
The very same one
These are comments from Fantano's track review of Test Drive by Joji
These are comments from Fantano's track review of Test Drive by Joji
Ah completely ignoring the fact that being generic and/or stagnant are also possibilities.﻿

ah completely ignoring the fact that people can grow?﻿
his pink guy stuff is actually unironically better than joji stuff﻿
Hot take: he unfortunately never had a lot of musical potential and was always doomed to be generic﻿
He is two steps away from going full sad boi mumble rapper.﻿
I legit thought he could have done some cool stuff with a Nujabes style beat. But no, white girls are where the money is at.﻿
Man he had so much musical potential and to see him end up making this generic """"alternative"""" R&amp;B is so dissapointing.﻿
Internet funnyman continues to make really boring music﻿
I respect that
which confuses and saddens me
Did you know joji is considered R&amp;B/Soul?
just some stuff
Hey Everyone,

Buckle up guys, this is one hair-raising update! Today marks the beginning of our Halloween event, Vampire DLC pack and New Map!

Halloween Event: Trick or Treat

We’re releasing a wide variety of unique cosmetic seasonal rewards alongside some spooky map decorations and another chance to play with the development team so make sure you’re online!



How you gain those sweet Halloween rewards:
Want to unlock exclusive Halloween rewards? All you need to do is keep your eyes open for delicious in game candy. Collect the candy and it’ll turn into Halloween points; earn enough and you’ll unlock some sweet rewards. To make things a little more difficult the smaller candy rewards the most points, so look for the toffee apples and elusive golden gummy bears if you want to unlock everything as fast as possible.

The types of candy and size classifications are as follows:
2 Points - Big Gummy Bears (Huge)
4 Points - Bowl of Sweets (Large)
6 Points - Chocolate Bars (Medium)
10 Points - Toffee Apples (Small)
20 Points - Golden Gummy Bears (Tiny)

Lastly there will also be special loot booth tokens available during the holiday. Each loot booth reward comes with a number of Halloween points based on its tier, meaning that even common unlocks can help you chase down Halloween legendary items before the end of the holiday.

Additionally, there are some performance based bonuses outlined below:
When escaping as an innocent player you will receive an additional 50% points on top of whatever you have picked up in the game.
When executing an innocent as an infected player you will receive an additional 25% points per execution on top of whatever you have picked up in the game.

What are the new rewards?
This year’s event rewards will be visible in the event screen which is available in the top left of the main menu. You can also use this to track your progress towards the next reward and your overall progress throughout the event.

The event rewards are as follows:
Moonlight Emblem - Unlocked at 50 points
Pentagram Wristband - Unlocked at 200 points
Hatchet Melee Weapon - Unlocked at 500 points
Smashed Defeat Pose - Unlocked at 1250 points
Sweet Skull Gun - Unlocked at 2250 points
Alex’s Pumpkin Suit - Unlocked at 3400 points
Cat Emblem - Unlocked at 5000 points
Get Lit Victory Pose - Unlocked at 7500 points
Hans’ Skeleton Costume - Unlocked at 10000 points
Zombie Foot Melee Weapon - Unlocked at 17500 points
Demonic Rachel - Unlocked at 25000 points
Disguise Masks - Unlocked at 35000 points
Ghostly Emblem - Unlocked at 100000 points

Halloween Tokens:
Halloween Tokens will replace normal tokens for the duration of the event in both level up rewards and through token purchases (they will not replace the tokens awarded from the Werewolf and Vampire Packs).

To spend Halloween Tokens simply go to the loot booth as normal and select a Halloween Token to give to the shady dealer.

Last Year’s Rewards – In the loot booth for a limited time!
In addition to these rewards, previous Halloween seasons’ rewards will be available in the loot booth for the duration of the event when using a Halloween token! This gives you the chance to drastically expand your inventory with a bunch of seasonal cosmetics available for a limited time only, including the highly sought after clown and demon terror skins.

Previous years’ rewards are as follows:
2016 Rewards
Green Wild Hair (Alex)
Purple Mohawk Hair (Chang)
Pumpkin Mask (Alex)
Hockey Mask (Chang)
Pumpkin Scrubs (Alex)
Prison Scrubs (Chang)
Bone Wristband
Pumpkin Wristband
Sweets Wristband
Bone Gun
Pumpkin Gun
Sweets Gun
Bone Knife
Pumpkin Knife
Sweets Knife
Clown Terror (Experiment)
2017 Rewards
Halloween Wristband
Candy Bucket Hat (Alex)
My Candy! Victory Pose (Hans)
Better Halloween Emblem
Bride of Frankenstein Hair (Lisa)
Kitty Nina Outfit &amp; Face paint (Nina)
Halloween Pistol (Rare)
Too Greedy Defeat Pose (Rachel)
Zombie Chang Outfit (Chang)
Zombie Hand Melee Weapon
Demon Terror (Experiment)

Vampire DLC Pack

With the Vampire Expansion, you will be able to prey on innocent victims as you transform into the exclusive Vampire Terror form! This terror form offers a brand new terror tactic through its active: the Swarm.



When used, the Vampire temporarily shape-shifts into a swarm of bats to traverse the vent system at hellish speed leaving a puff of smoke in your wake. Know where the innocents are hiding or need a quick getaway from those trying to down you? The “Swarm” active places you exactly where you want to be almost instantly to give you that terror advantage.

Additionally, when playing as an innocent you’ll gain access to an exclusive new Stake melee weapon to defend yourself against deadly vampiric attacks.

The Vampire pack also includes an exclusive Vampire Emblem, 10 loot booth tokens to help you get even more cosmetic gear for your character and 200 GM tokens to put towards your next item or use with the Reputation system to show appreciation to your favourite fellow players.

This pack contains:
Exclusive: Playable Vampire Terror
Exclusive: ‘You Suck’ T-shirt
Exclusive: Stake Melee Weapon
Exclusive: Vampire Emblem
10 Loot Booth Tokens
200 GM Credits

Sink your fangs into this pack now by clicking here.

Wakizashi!
Linked to this we’ve added a special something for those people who unlock both the Vampire and Werewolf packs. Do this and you’ll get your hands on a traditional Japanese sword known as the Wakizashi; a new legendary melee weapon!

Lumberyard Map (Coming 29th October)

Last but definitely not least, a new map we’re calling The Lumberyard!



We’re making our final polishes (to the wood) and will talk more about it leading up to the release on Monday 29th October.

Bug Fixes

Gameplay
Slight nerf to the Yeti Terror attributes and ability
You can no longer take bloodbags, items and objectives on floors that haven't been unlocked yet
You can no longer interact with fuses and fuseboxes through walls
You no longer get infinite executes when performing the action whilst you’re jumping
Improved randomness in who is selected as the Terror
The ring on ring objectives will now shrink and vanish when the objective is complete
Clearer waypoints for doors and fuseboxes, closest waypoint always has 100 alpha
User Interface
New loading screen imagery for all maps
The transform keybind now shows in the Terror icon at the bottom of the game screen
Added customise clothing button the character preference interface
Added some instructions to the Loot Booth for new users
The cursor should no longer break out of the game window and cause problems
Interaction icons on players bodies (scanning, tracking, execute etc) have been moved higher up so they don’t display too low
When damaging someone who can be voted out it will now say when your vote is cast
Progression
A new perk tree has been added
The end of round rank and level up now waits for you to give reputation before animating, meaning you will see your progression in these systems
Added an icon for people who haven’t prestiged to go behind their level
Map Improvements
Addressed collision proxies that permitted unwanted access to objects and areas of the map
Added objects to reduce overpowered lines of sight in Forest
Removed certain small objects with collision proxies to improve player movement
Updated some object collision boundaries to remove the possibility of players getting stuck
do they have too many daddy issues?
How could m'lady fail?
How?
down to clown?
just to get em hot to trot?
You ever call thots m'lady?
xd
That's what you think
Make sure when you guys go trick or treating that you ask for spare coochie
4 SPooktober
B I G  U P D A T E 
6.5gb
Deceit got a huge update
Truly a masterpiece
Now you can experience the full majesty
but if you want to trigger people on a certain subreddit choose a memey one
Any name is good
I agree, we gotta destroy-I mean change city leadership xd
I made this.
I made this.
The Gnome is immunized against all dangers: one may call him a scoundrel, parasite, swindler, profiteer, it all runs off him like water off a raincoat. But call him a Gnome and you will be astonished at how he recoils, how injured he is, how he suddenly shrinks back: “I’ve been found out.”﻿
If
Would
But what if you were offered free coochie in the beta?
FALLOUT 76 BEta
Taco Tuesday?
Ive been a bad boy and its plain to see
Why do good girls like bad guys?
What happened here?
Truth is, this was America right from the beginning.﻿
Thoughts?
BLACK MANE GET YO MONEY
GRANDMA TOLD ME GET YO MONEY
You could also just be hitting it from behind, not necessarily analing boweserettes undoubtly T I G H T posterior
what is going to happen
Tell me
unless you're into that
but you're not fucking the shell
not how viable of a meme format it is
this is about how smashable bowserette is
Guys would you smash Bowserette?
I got nothin and no one
Spare coochie, ma'am?
Spare coochie?
This is not gay
Its true
SSSSSSSSSSSSPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDWWWWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOON 
FOR SPEED
A need
I have a need
arright arright
how about this one?
how about this?
WAOW
She has an enormous schlong
You're not wrong mars
I feel it all the time
I was too
Does anyone here feel big dick energy?
Big dick energy?
xd
Which is why she is funny
But Amy does it right
I think women have a hard time being funny because of their voices
And she is a woman
She does indeed exist
In fact, I would say there is no one funnier
ABSOLUTELY UNSTOPPABLE
Comedic gold
About the white people kidnapping the black people
Especially that one movie one of them made
Key and Peele are hilarious guys
why does this exist
why
what draws thee to it
why the minecraft michael
What could we play
Gracias
oh here it comes
what other online fighting games exist?
what should be played instead mars?
What team?
oh EGGCELLENT
wait there are 2 more goblin slayer episodes out?
wait there are 2 more goblin slayer episodes out?
can't have the people knowing he's hitting the anime hard from behind
he's gotta keep it on the dl
Twitch
S E M I F A M O U S
I just know him as anime nigga
I still don't know who he is
Correct.
dx do be lookin like a sad face
for some reason, auto response thinks Riot is a good response to Dx
Riot
xd
Goblin slayer with bonus anime nigga
Wait is there someone actually named Freecs?
(smile)
It's the original unmemeified version
Maybe Khans kill people without lookin em the face, but I ain't a fink, dig?
(heart)
(smile)
Welcome to [B}ool's World
Guys can i just say
I understand
But now
I couldnt appreciate it before
Indeed he does
This guy is some faggit indian in the teepee
That's the one!
xd
You managed to unintentionally call the group and facetime
Well played mars
VERY nice
You can tell me
I can not sing
Not as much
haha vro
john jimbo
It's real
Precisely.
I know I am right
It's real
yike
I just gotta play a game of dota first
im in samecord
Well you know what they say
I guess so
Mars really just letting drake have it
Damb
in Childish Gambino's song "This is America" he tells black men to acquire their currency, this being said if Drake is only half black and acts like he is full black, should he only be paid half of his money?
xd
now you crossed the line mars
ok
I hope not
I am right
Are you real?
Why not?
xd
Precisely.
[B]ath[B]inder Succ[B]aker
more like
Pathfinder Kingmaker?
Magic
for that would require one to break no nut november
Impossible
It's real
Thank you very much!
my guy felt the need to stand up and remove his shirt
just to suffer?
why do we exist?
why
Build a meme: Change my Mind
perhaps
Actually its really easy to win as infected playing solo
Actually go plays deceit like a boss
yeeeeeeeee
4 deceet????
can i hass money 4 deceit???
well shieeeeeeet negus
you want to play deceit?
Whats that?
auto response really does have some zingers
after what mars said
Skype auto response suggested "Repeatedly." which I really wanted to press
I'm sad that someone was paid to write this
:(
It was basically someone jerking themself off over how violence is portrayed in videogames and how its "bad" because it doesn't pay tribute to what its actually like in real life
The person who wrote that article also probably believes videogames make people violent, because equating dropping a nuclear bomb in real life and comparing it to the use of one in a videogame is intellectually disingenuous
Eats
Chuckles
Haha nice
xd
I thought so too
Did you also know that communism has only failed in every context its been practiced in because it wasn't "pure" communism?
Kappa
Did you guys know we can't end poverty without ending capitalism?
You negus ever
xd
FACTS DONT CARE ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS
IM OUTTA CONTROL
I CANT HANDLE THE TRUTH
SOMEONE HOLD ME DOWN
HIS MIND MUST BE CHANGED
HE NEEDS TO BE CONVINCED
Redundant.
Communism
Skype protects its own David 
That's what I thought
I missed that
(laugh)
No it was not
Then who?
Ahoy!
Damn lemme call back
What do they say?
Should no one man have all that power?
T R A I N
A I D S 
A[B]ologies my guy :(
xd
Thotimus Prime
You all negus is looking like Citrine in Darkest Dungeon
Thank you!
I still got it
Proof?
I guess so
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
Everyone knows
so its clean
Also, it keeps the weeb to a minimum
He's like a cross between the Doomslayer and Saitama
I gotta give it a 11/10
After watching the first two episodes of Goblin Slayer
Hehe
xd
But the hardest choices, require the strongest wills
It really do be
but ok
odd flex
ecks dee
How erect are we for Fallout 76?
guys its posty
I just been had that video actually
This is a song about Friendship
Human nature is a spook btw
'll get em next time
Damn, we
KBBQ when?
So uh
Is something we cannot and should not do
Now this
Pee, is stored in the knees
Pee, is stored in the knees
v
I appreciate how in Darkest Dungeon you literally beat the unfavorable traits out of your heroes
Also
Pee is stored in the knees
Suckin on toes
You all negus is lookin like a negus
Ride, 4:58 PM
thats what i said
[1539646086] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: thats what i said

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
What did you say?
Whachu say bruh?
Im literally about to beat your KBBQ cheeks mars
Scum do be lookin spicy not gonna lie
"I need to beat some cheeks"?
Or perhaps
"I need to get my dick sucked"
You guys ever just wake up and go
Well played.
Omegalul
Omegalul
It was
Its true
A strict regimen is paramount, if one is to master the brutal arithmetic of combat.	
Every creature has a weakness. The wise hero trains for what she will face.	
Some may fall, but their knowledge lives on.	
Fan the flames! Mold the metal! We are raising an army!
A sharper sword, a stronger shield. Anything to prolong a soldier's life.	
In the end, every plan relies upon a strong arm, and tempered steel.	
A man in a robe, claiming communion with the divine. Madness.	
Gilded icons and dogmatic rituals... for some, a tonic against the bloodshed.	
A little hope, however desperate, is never without worth.	
Strong drink, a game of chance, and companionship. The rush of life.	
All manner of diversion and dalliance await those who cross the threshold with coin in hand.	
With enough ale, maybe they can be inured against the horrors below.	
Word is travelling. Ambition is stirring in distant cities. We can use this.	
More arrive, foolishly seeking fortune and glory in this domain of the damned.	
Great heroes can be found even here, in the mud and rain.	
All the decadent horrors I have seen pale in comparison with that final, crowning thing. I could not look, nor could I look away!	
An eternity of futile struggle — a penance for my unspeakable transgressions.	
All my life, I could feel an insistent gnawing in the back of my mind. It was a yearning, a thirst for discovery that could be neither numbed, nor sated.	
Can you feel it? The walls between the sane world and that unplumbed dimension of delirium are tenuously thin here...	
The plume and the pistol — a fitting end to my folly, and a curse upon us all.	
We dug for months, years — an eternity. And we were rewarded with madness.	
You answered the letter — now like me, you are part of this place.	
Let me share with you the terrible wonders I have come to know...	
Trouble yourself not with the cost of this crusade - its noble end affords you broad tolerance in your choice of means.	
Curiosity, interest, and obsession — mile markers on my road to damnation.	
There is a great horror beneath the manor: a Crawling Chaos that must be destroyed!	
I can still see their angry faces as they stormed the manor, but I was dead before they found me, and the letter was on its way.	
My obsession caused this great foulness, and it is shameful that I must rely upon you to set it right.	
The degeneracy of the Hamlet is nothing, I fear, when compared to the condition of surrounding acres.	
The poor Caretaker, I fear his long-standing duties here have ...affected him.	
I see something long-absent in the sunken faces of passersby - a glimmer of hope.	
	Our family name, once so well regarded, is now barely whispered aloud by decent folk.
Once, our estate was the envy of this land...	
In truth I cannot tell how much time has passed since I sent that letter.
	I was lord of this place, before the crows and rats made it their domain.	
I remember days when the sun shone, and laughter could be heard from the tavern.
In time, you will know the tragic extent of my failings...	
	Most will end up here, covered in the poisoned earth, awaiting merciful oblivion.
Trinkets and charms, gathered from all the forgotten corners of the earth...
At home in wild places, she is a stalwart survivor, and a strict instructor.	
Make no mistake, we will face ever greater threats. Our soldiers must be ready.	
The bellows blast once again! The forge stands ready to make weapons of war.
The cobwebs have been dusted, the pews set straight. The Abbey calls to the faithful...
Fresh kegs, cards, and curtained rooms promise solace to the weary and the broken alike.	
Women and men; soldiers and outlaws; fools and corpses. All will find their way to us now that the road is clear.	
The cost of preparedness - measured now in gold, later in blood.	
This sprawling estate, a Mecca of madness and morbidity. Your work begins...
Welcome home, such as it is. This squalid hamlet, these corrupted lands, they are yours now, and you are bound to them.	
An ambush! Send these vermin a message: the rightful owner has returned, and their kind is no longer welcome.	
Leave nothing unchecked, there is much to be found in forgotten places.
Dispatch this thug in brutal fashion, that all may hear of your arrival!
Brigands have the run of these lanes. Keep to the side path; the Hamlet is just ahead.	
You will arrive along the old road. It winds with a troubling, serpent-like suggestion through the corrupted countryside. Leading only, I fear, to ever more tenebrous places. There is a sickness in the ancient pitted cobbles of the old road and on its writhing path you will face viciousness, violence, and perhaps other damnably transcendent terrors. So steel yourself and remember: there can be no bravery without madness. The old road will take you to hell, but in that gaping abyss we will find our redemption.
Ruin has come to our family. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. Gazing proudly from its stoic perch above the moor. I lived all my years in that ancient, rumor shadowed manor. Fattened by decadence and luxury. And yet, I began to tire of conventional extravagance. Singular, unsettling tales suggested the mansion itself was a gateway to some fabulous and unnamable power. With relic and ritual, I bent every effort towards the excavation and recovery of those long buried secrets, exhausting what remained of our family fortune on swarthy workmen and sturdy shovels. At last, in the salt-soaked crags beneath the lowest foundations we unearthed that damnable portal and antediluvian evil. Our every step unsettled the ancient earth but we were in a realm of death and madness! In the end, I alone fled laughing and wailing through those blackened arcades of antiquity. Until consciousness failed me. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. It is a festering abomination! I beg you, return home, claim your birthright, and deliver our family from the ravenous clutching shadows of the Darkest Dungeon.
Is it?
Yet.
Ahhhh the superior image wins out
I know its an eggcellent image
I guess the real question I have is, why this image in particular?
Why?
CAMPAIGN
But more importantly
Milo I find this train of thought disturbing and highly irregular
I never thought I would be in a situation where my mom and I were sober in the car with my dad who reeked of the devils lettuce and then requested we make a stop at Del Taco to acquire more food even though he just ate
But also
All kinds of things
We gotta go to Amsterdam
Guys
Guys
But then I kept watching and realized how much of a herculean task it was to continuously hit it like a machine
It didn't seem that difficult to me
Ahh, merciful goddess, mother of the Water Closet, who have no shitter to call their own...
Please, bear witness to our resolve...
Fire for my fucking asshole... Fire for my fucking anus...
And the toilet paper to wipe my abused butthole...
LORD FORGIVE ME
but ive been shitting so much my anus is raw and and in pain with the amount of fecal matter that has been transported through it
Not only am I shitting out liquid fire
the hot sauce was a bad idea
Guys
WE SMOKED SOME MONSTER HASH
WE SMOKED SOME HASH
Yeah its in Beta
I give Fallout 76 a tentative thumbs up from the stuff I've seen so far
I give Fallout 76 a tentative thumbs up from the stuff I've seen so far
Vic does it again
Cyberpunk longtime 
hour of gameplay
Mr monkey plays Fallout 76 xd
It reminds me of Berserk, only he hunts goblins
Its pretty dark Omegalul
Yeah wait, he just murdered a bunch of goblin children and Im pretty sure they were raping their human women captives
It seems memey enough for me to watch it
and has only 2 spell slots left
and of course saves a cleric waifu who was in distress
I think theres some kind of heroes guild involved and people go into the caves to hunt goblins but get fucked by them and then Goblin Slayer shows up to kill them
and its almost exactly like DnD
Apparently there is an anime about a guy who just kills Goblins
Oh BERRY clean
for good luck of course
You should just find an alley way and shit in it, Mars
Im guessing from the same place she got the burrito it came with
I dont know where my mom got it
and painful
its just really hot
good
it doesnt even taste
its time to dive balls deep
I just found some more of the painful hot sauce
Makes sense.
Unfortunately not
and so did I
Auto response thought it was appropriate to say that
Riot
xddddddddddddddddddddd
and its now the farthest i've gotten in dankest dungeon
xd
I just started a new game
Ruin has come to our family. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. Gazing proudly from its stoic perch above the moor. I lived all my years in that ancient, rumor shadowed manor. Fattened by decadence and luxury. And yet, I began to tire of conventional extravagance. Singular, unsettling tales suggested the mansion itself was a gateway to some fabulous and unnamable power. With relic and ritual, I bent every effort towards the excavation and recovery of those long buried secrets, exhausting what remained of our family fortune on swarthy workmen and sturdy shovels. At last, in the salt-soaked crags beneath the lowest foundations we unearthed that damnable portal and antediluvian evil. Our every step unsettled the ancient earth but we were in a realm of death and madness! In the end, I alone fled laughing and wailing through those blackened arcades of antiquity. Until consciousness failed me. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. It is a festering abomination! I beg you, return home, claim your birthright, and deliver our family from the ravenous clutching shadows of the Darkest Dungeon.
Ruin has come to our family. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. Gazing proudly from its stoic perch above the moor. I lived all my years in that ancient, rumor shadowed manor. Fattened by decadence and luxury. And yet, I began to tire of conventional extravagance. Singular, unsettling tales suggested the mansion itself was a gateway to some fabulous and unnamable power. With relic and ritual, I bent every effort towards the excavation and recovery of those long buried secrets, exhausting what remained of our family fortune on swarthy workmen and sturdy shovels. At last, in the salt-soaked crags beneath the lowest foundations we unearthed that damnable portal and antediluvian evil. Our every step unsettled the ancient earth but we were in a realm of death and madness! In the end, I alone fled laughing and wailing through those blackened arcades of antiquity. Until consciousness failed me. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. It is a festering abomination! I beg you, return home, claim your birthright, and deliver our family from the ravenous clutching shadows of the Darkest Dungeon.
Ruin has come to our family. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. Gazing proudly from its stoic perch above the moor. I lived all my years in that ancient, rumor shadowed manor. Fattened by decadence and luxury. And yet, I began to tire of conventional extravagance. Singular, unsettling tales suggested the mansion itself was a gateway to some fabulous and unnamable power. With relic and ritual, I bent every effort towards the excavation and recovery of those long buried secrets, exhausting what remained of our family fortune on swarthy workmen and sturdy shovels. At last, in the salt-soaked crags beneath the lowest foundations we unearthed that damnable portal and antediluvian evil. Our every step unsettled the ancient earth but we were in a realm of death and madness! In the end, I alone fled laughing and wailing through those blackened arcades of antiquity. Until consciousness failed me. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. It is a festering abomination! I beg you, return home, claim your birthright, and deliver our family from the ravenous clutching shadows of the Darkest Dungeon.
Ruin has come to our family. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. Gazing proudly from its stoic perch above the moor. I lived all my years in that ancient, rumor shadowed manor. Fattened by decadence and luxury. And yet, I began to tire of conventional extravagance. Singular, unsettling tales suggested the mansion itself was a gateway to some fabulous and unnamable power. With relic and ritual, I bent every effort towards the excavation and recovery of those long buried secrets, exhausting what remained of our family fortune on swarthy workmen and sturdy shovels. At last, in the salt-soaked crags beneath the lowest foundations we unearthed that damnable portal and antediluvian evil. Our every step unsettled the ancient earth but we were in a realm of death and madness! In the end, I alone fled laughing and wailing through those blackened arcades of antiquity. Until consciousness failed me. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. It is a festering abomination! I beg you, return home, claim your birthright, and deliver our family from the ravenous clutching shadows of the Darkest Dungeon.
Ruin has come to our family. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. Gazing proudly from its stoic perch above the moor. I lived all my years in that ancient, rumor shadowed manor. Fattened by decadence and luxury. And yet, I began to tire of conventional extravagance. Singular, unsettling tales suggested the mansion itself was a gateway to some fabulous and unnamable power. With relic and ritual, I bent every effort towards the excavation and recovery of those long buried secrets, exhausting what remained of our family fortune on swarthy workmen and sturdy shovels. At last, in the salt-soaked crags beneath the lowest foundations we unearthed that damnable portal and antediluvian evil. Our every step unsettled the ancient earth but we were in a realm of death and madness! In the end, I alone fled laughing and wailing through those blackened arcades of antiquity. Until consciousness failed me. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. It is a festering abomination! I beg you, return home, claim your birthright, and deliver our family from the ravenous clutching shadows of the Darkest Dungeon.
Ruin has come to our family. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. Gazing proudly from its stoic perch above the moor. I lived all my years in that ancient, rumor shadowed manor. Fattened by decadence and luxury. And yet, I began to tire of conventional extravagance. Singular, unsettling tales suggested the mansion itself was a gateway to some fabulous and unnamable power. With relic and ritual, I bent every effort towards the excavation and recovery of those long buried secrets, exhausting what remained of our family fortune on swarthy workmen and sturdy shovels. At last, in the salt-soaked crags beneath the lowest foundations we unearthed that damnable portal and antediluvian evil. Our every step unsettled the ancient earth but we were in a realm of death and madness! In the end, I alone fled laughing and wailing through those blackened arcades of antiquity. Until consciousness failed me. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. It is a festering abomination! I beg you, return home, claim your birthright, and deliver our family from the ravenous clutching shadows of the Darkest Dungeon.
Ruin has come to our family. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. Gazing proudly from its stoic perch above the moor. I lived all my years in that ancient, rumor shadowed manor. Fattened by decadence and luxury. And yet, I began to tire of conventional extravagance. Singular, unsettling tales suggested the mansion itself was a gateway to some fabulous and unnamable power. With relic and ritual, I bent every effort towards the excavation and recovery of those long buried secrets, exhausting what remained of our family fortune on swarthy workmen and sturdy shovels. At last, in the salt-soaked crags beneath the lowest foundations we unearthed that damnable portal and antediluvian evil. Our every step unsettled the ancient earth but we were in a realm of death and madness! In the end, I alone fled laughing and wailing through those blackened arcades of antiquity. Until consciousness failed me. You remember our venerable house, opulent and imperial. It is a festering abomination! I beg you, return home, claim your birthright, and deliver our family from the ravenous clutching shadows of the Darkest Dungeon.
it joji vro.....
vrooo.....
Bing needs to update its anime gif suggestions to have a healthy amount of hentai
Anime Wars: March of the Waifus?
What is this
Huzzah!
Confirmed
Pow!
Smashing!
Anthony Fantano, the Internets Busiest Music Nerd?
And they're basically mini bosses with how tough they are
I've had to fight mimics a few times
There are mods that add in new class variants and visuals and a bunch of other stuff from dark souls
ye
I try
But the dragonslayers and abysswalkers and dark wraiths are just interesting and fun
ideally that is
You just stack regen on all of your party members the entire fight and then they just heal off any damage they still have while you're goin through the dungeon
Actually the gwyndolin character is almost busted in terms of healing
Im basically playing dark souls, but not xd
I'm actually really enjoying Darkest Dungeon with all the dlc and mods
That's the description of FilthyFranks Youtube channel
This is not the comment.
This is not the comment.
xd
This is satire.
Filthy Frank is the embodiment of everything a person should not be. He is anti-PC, anti-social, and anti-couth.  He behaves and reacts excessively to everything expressly to highlight the ridiculousness of racism, misogyny, legalism, injustice, ignorance and other social blights. He also sets an example to show how easy it is in the social media for any zany material to gain traction/followings by simply sharing unsavoury opinions and joking about topics many find offensive.There is no denying that the show is terribly offensive, but this terrible offensiveness is a deliberate and unapologetic parody of the whole social media machine and a reflection of the human microcosm that that social media is.
I got 23 likes on my comment on the latest What the Duck
Guys im so proud
I am blushing
and meme their way to rank 1?
Any negus trying to play some ranked deceit?
Meme
xd
Hehe
I thought so
I am not alone!
Baby
R E K I N D L E
xd
But it'd be in a fantasy setting
I can't really say my idea, as it would spoil the story
Ahhh, thou'rt unkindled and a seeker of lords...
I also have the idea that I've had for a while
I like where this is going
Fake news
Jumanji was an excellent movie
That is the idea
ye
He remembers me!
It's mine too
Cuckton remembers too
I member
I remember Unk
It's okay
Yeah, and it makes people not just play themselves
Yeah, the reason I thought of it was because it allows the characters to be more in line with the world the DM makes
Simple characters reacting to one another produce interesting reactions
Its true
You wanna make a pizza pie, but you were given spaghetti
You gotta get creative with the character
I already am
Its more fun to change how you play around a pre-existing template
I myself don't mind being given a character
xd
which is also the same place I got Hector the Well-Endowed from
Because I remembered the episode of Community where they played DnD
I realized the most successful way to run a DnD campaign around a story the GM is interested in directing is to have the GM make all the characters beforehand and then have the players be randomly assigned a character
Also
Auto response never fails
Nice meme
(laugh)
but it packed a punch
I'm not sure what it is exactly
I just had a legitimately spicy hot sauce that put me into physical pain
Invisible goat men named Richard as far as the eye could see

An eon passed, yet there's still no sign of a patch called 7.19d

"But it's ok Drakus_", they said, "You can simply just buy detection"

Yet they failed to see that the true sight does not equal true protection

The days grow darker, colder still, Hallow's Eve draws close and near

And the only thing that stalks the lanes is terror, constant states of fear

For who knows where the one they call Richard will show up, and appear

And slow you with his Diffusal Blade, backstabbing with a malevolent sneer

Long we have waited, and perhaps for even longer we have suffered

So all I can humbly request now with my dying breath is, "Please Mr. Lizard"
Quack
I thought you had adult things to do jett
He came with the extension cord ready to deliver that fresh, piping hot coffee
He's a goddamn hero
A goddam tragedy right here
And no one is partaking
He just made fresh coffee
COFFEE
I pray
On
Woo!
The internet
I disagree.
I knew it
As bad as milo not playing deceit?
How bad?
Very bad
What's yours?
same
It's fun
My pleasure!
No problem!
Tried
Recipe?
Yum!
Archer
Monorail!
I concur.
Sharpen the mans teeth
Indubitably.
Or both
This is true
Genius
Because we live in a society
Its true
definitely want a male then
MALGANIS
This is a quandry
perhaps
they just have their hands
and they have no weapons
I just want someone in an arena, with a literal gorilla
Don't we all
Samecord will give you all the answers you need
join us on deceit
Milo
it would appear not
would any negus care to join us in the samecord?
Japanese washes frogs
Japanese washes frogs
Frotniet
Games
Epic
Heroes never die
Omegalul
(laugh)
He's gotta be
(smile)
Diegus
When? When did I start waiting for my opponent to make the first move? When, indeed? It became a routine. The loser held out his hands in gratitude for the lesson and I graciously accepted without skipping a beat. As if that was what I wanted!! That's not how it should be!! For so long, I sought the height of perfection. I dreamed of giving my heart and soul to battle an unstoppable adversary!! I'm a lucky man. I'm thankful for everything that led me to this point... that led me to you!!
When? When did I start waiting for my opponent to make the first move? When, indeed? It became a routine. The loser held out his hands in gratitude for the lesson and I graciously accepted without skipping a beat. As if that was what I wanted!! That's not how it should be!! For so long, I sought the height of perfection. I dreamed of giving my heart and soul to battle an unstoppable adversary!! I'm a lucky man. I'm thankful for everything that led me to this point... that led me to you!!
When? When did I start waiting for my opponent to make the first move? When, indeed? It became a routine. The loser held out his hands in gratitude for the lesson and I graciously accepted without skipping a beat. As if that was what I wanted!! That's not how it should be!! For so long, I sought the height of perfection. I dreamed of giving my heart and soul to battle an unstoppable adversary!! I'm a lucky man. I'm thankful for everything that led me to this point... that led me to you!!
When? When did I start waiting for my opponent to make the first move? When, indeed? It became a routine. The loser held out his hands in gratitude for the lesson and I graciously accepted without skipping a beat. As if that was what I wanted!! That's not how it should be!! For so long, I sought the height of perfection. I dreamed of giving my heart and soul to battle an unstoppable adversary!! I'm a lucky man. I'm thankful for everything that led me to this point... that led me to you!!
When? When did I start waiting for my opponent to make the first move? When, indeed? It became a routine. The loser held out his hands in gratitude for the lesson and I graciously accepted without skipping a beat. As if that was what I wanted!! That's not how it should be!! For so long, I sought the height of perfection. I dreamed of giving my heart and soul to battle an unstoppable adversary!! I'm a lucky man. I'm thankful for everything that led me to this point... that led me to you!!
When? When did I start waiting for my opponent to make the first move? When, indeed? It became a routine. The loser held out his hands in gratitude for the lesson and I graciously accepted without skipping a beat. As if that was what I wanted!! That's not how it should be!! For so long, I sought the height of perfection. I dreamed of giving my heart and soul to battle an unstoppable adversary!! I'm a lucky man. I'm thankful for everything that led me to this point... that led me to you!!
When? When did I start waiting for my opponent to make the first move? When, indeed? It became a routine. The loser held out his hands in gratitude for the lesson and I graciously accepted without skipping a beat. As if that was what I wanted!! That's not how it should be!! For so long, I sought the height of perfection. I dreamed of giving my heart and soul to battle an unstoppable adversary!! I'm a lucky man. I'm thankful for everything that led me to this point... that led me to you!!
When? When did I start waiting for my opponent to make the first move? When, indeed? It became a routine. The loser held out his hands in gratitude for the lesson and I graciously accepted without skipping a beat. As if that was what I wanted!! That's not how it should be!! For so long, I sought the height of perfection. I dreamed of giving my heart and soul to battle an unstoppable adversary!! I'm a lucky man. I'm thankful for everything that led me to this point... that led me to you!!
When? When did I start waiting for my opponent to make the first move? When, indeed? It became a routine. The loser held out his hands in gratitude for the lesson and I graciously accepted without skipping a beat. As if that was what I wanted!! That's not how it should be!! For so long, I sought the height of perfection. I dreamed of giving my heart and soul to battle an unstoppable adversary!! I'm a lucky man. I'm thankful for everything that led me to this point... that led me to you!!
When? When did I start waiting for my opponent to make the first move? When, indeed? It became a routine. The loser held out his hands in gratitude for the lesson and I graciously accepted without skipping a beat. As if that was what I wanted!! That's not how it should be!! For so long, I sought the height of perfection. I dreamed of giving my heart and soul to battle an unstoppable adversary!! I'm a lucky man. I'm thankful for everything that led me to this point... that led me to you!!
DOTA 2 BABY
I shall play
And to repay for my lack of KBBQ with the boys
Understandable
Coolest monkey in the jungle
What did you hear?
some real powerful niggardry
That's some real nigga shit right there
Haha well done
What time?
It finally happened- I sustained my first combat injury. Command wanted us to take this godforsaken hill- despite our recon saying it was too well-defended. What could go wrong? Napalm the shit out of it, lob some artillery on those fuckers and roll in some tankers. Right? Yeah, sounds great until the airwing is tied up and the artillery needs to be resupplied. This place is a fucking mess. Whatever-  we move in, until we get pinned down and air support is unavailable. That's when the fucking gook nails me in the ass. You know, you get hardened to seeing other people die, but getting shot yourself is a different story. Wanted to cry like a bitch. At least I'll be out of comission for a while. Getting some leave will be just what I need.
Sounds good
He really is
Sir
Fair enough.
lemme hit that yes
uhhhhhh
Woo!
Soon
Nothing
Good guess
Guess
Guess
Guess
Guess
No, its not
Fair enough.
Mexican man shoots up blackanese man's house to see weeb shit
I believe you
I am sure you are
What do you know?
Guess
I'm here to see Imaqtpie's house
Me too
VERY cool, thanks kanye
any real negus? Any real negus available?
Skype auto response is one of the wonders of the modern world
Fix it
Rad
Crunch Wrap Supreme
Crunch Wrap Supreme
Lemme get the uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
and it was saddening
Because I have
Have you guys ever heard someone legitimately quote Wisecrack as a completely accurate synthesis of a games philosophy?
Monorail!
Hooray!
Awesome!
Not even the two japanese words I know could defend us from that
Understandable
are even more legal over there
They
why not japan
Why south korea?
South Korea is moving?
Guy
That would hurt
if its not despacito, its shit
My pleasure!
Do you guys know how to unblurr text or an image on a webpage?
I didn't think she was a trap actually, if she was a trap she'd have been the most convincing trap I'd ever seen
Why scrappy
you must be using a nen technique that is far outside of your natural category xd
ecks dee
xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
I think I'd be a specialist
Each persons ability is strongly tied to their personality and there are 6 types of nen users
so its literally the manifestation of your will
Because you can work at gaining more aura through meditation and practice, but Nen literally means will
Its similar in that regard that it is like mana, but thats where the similarities end
Actually apparently Naruto is largely copied from Hunter x hunter
It bears a superficial resemblance to chakra from Naruto
(cry)
Its called Nen, and its a lot like an rpg system for magic but it gets quite complex
Mainly because I wish there was a game that had its magic system
I just enjoy the well-written inversion of typical Shounen manga that is Hunter x Hunter
xd
You were literally trying to be Saitama at one point
You are a weeb
No
I always do
is tearing my balls apart
for the suspense
and now i wish i hadnt
I read all of the most recent chapters of Hunter x Hunter
who really descending into rampant alcoholism
Congrats to the negus
had to get rid of that
Hol up
Also joji is edgy
You negusi excited for the new game?
Any negus?
I hope she does
can we get 10,000 likes?
this is so sad
Pow!
A guy was hitting an improvised bongus made out of a plastic milk jug and had a bunch of juuls shoved into it
I just saw the most innovative thing ever
xd
cux im the shit
call me big doodoo
Good game
Nice meme
I too enjoy rustic folk music set to pictures of life in the elder days, when everyone was a filthy peasant busy emptying their overflowing buckets of shit onto unsuspecting passersby early in the morning
Thats a pretty dank meme
We all are
(sad)
?
no one else
no?
lets get it popping then xd
alright
I am sure you would
TTT
The unique bosses that is
oh yeah but you need the second sword to kill the bosses
Happens to me too
unless it was just one game
Im pretty sure he lost 30 lp between 2 separate games
its a free game xddd
I am not alone!
I now know why you need the sword on your back in sekiro
Small indie company xd
Yep
Thats a beautiful copy pasta
Correct.
guys im loving the new kanye album YANDHI
Did you really?
I like some of their pop stuff, but their old stuff was really good
Coldplay do be different now
They weren't interested in making more music like it
Yeah, thats why they disappeared after they got big off of it
yeeeee
Everything else they do is closer to like an alternative-grunge sound
Float on is actually kind of an oddity in their work
Especially the way the guy sings
That actually reminds me of modest mouse
Verbally clap some cheeks
(laugh)
ROHIT?!?!!??!?!?!
What is this image
That Hank Hill meme has a point
The funny thing is
in these trying times
Here is some gachi for you
xd
because I fucking died
Call me pizza guy
Call me x^3+y^3=3axy cuz my dick a folium
Call me y=mx+b because my dick is linear xd
Call me pizza man
Is that a video of some jap feller getting shanked by some guy?
Is that a video of a jap getting shanked by some guy?
This is a beautiful song
Indubitably.
Splendid!
Apology accepted.
Patrolling the Mojave, almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter.
Ha!
Indubitably.
Is it?
Sarcastic
Fair enough.
You never know
Thanks I will
Thank you so much
Thanks again!
Okay thanks
Wizard
How?
You know how
How do you?
Hunter x Hunter does have a pretty dank outro
xd
Haha thanks
A quiz
I would if I did not have to prepare for tomorrow
Kappa
Fair enough.
Sarcasm?
Nothing
Good guess
What was yours?
What's your name?
What is it?
Nothing is wrong
Sigh
I am sure you are
What do you know?
Guess
Wake up
What song is that?
Dam[B] guess its time to play Fortnite
You guys gonna play Battlerite Royale?
Would you guys change your name to Big Dick. so these ni[B][B]as keep yo name out they mouth?
Indubitably.
Ditto
Ditto
Me either
Its a dark souls reference
You already know
Alexa this is beautiful, can we play Chance the Rapper?
I think Kojima seeded this meme knowing this would happen
Its funny that this video is actually descriptive of the death stranding game play
Indeed it is
I make deliveries...that's all
Yeah you do
Not for me
B E T T E R  M M R  T H A N  D I G B O ? ?!?!? ?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!
Ahoy!
That's correct.
I am online now
Are you still on?
I am online now
Thanks again!
Thanks anyway!
Chuckles
Oh okay
and thanking you for the blessing
I think you know
I knew it
Pretty much.
thanking you all
oh bless up guys
"Pussy so fire it burns when I pee"
Guys what should be done about E-girl streamers?
Guys what should be done about E-girl streamer?
I thought so
You do now
What's yours?
Im using the latest version i thinkn
xd
What app is it?
That's what I said
and I've been using auto response
I only have skype on my desktop
There is
Fair enough.
(tongueout)
I want you to know, if I have the option to use auto response I do
(smile)
Yes it is
Yeah I do
Lawyer up.
Not for you
Haha
Yet.
Yes he will
(cwl)
That stinks
(smile)
Proof?
It knows
This is beautiful
It actually suggested "Kappa" as a response
Wait
Fair enough.
Chuckles
I thought so
Whats your statline for your age
[B]ilo
I am not alone!
Mine too!
Gotcha
Arright guys write up your stat line for your age
I'm running Str: 11 Dex: 14 Con: 16 Int: 15 Wis: 16 Char: 15 on a level 21 character
What's your score?
(smile)
I shall be old
Tomorrow
Guys
Indubitably.
He truly is a gift
It is an eggcellent song that truly captures the spirit of the Pornhub Awards
(laugh)
(tongueout)
(smile)
We got him
Ladies and Gentlemen
Nods
why parsa
What about them?
(smile)
What platform?
Ow.
(cwl)
(laugh)
What do you think?
Fair enough.
You do not think so?
Does anyone?
I know right
I also eat what I like
What time is it now?
Wednesday
Next week
Soon
Nothing yet
Will do!
Recipe?
Yum!
Joji is just milking the tits of a cow that was already dead when he found it
Yeah seriously, he atleast had to try and be creative
But that being said, he's still basically making the same song over and over
The beat isnt down beat to the point where I just immediately think of his other stuff
It doesnt try to be a sad boi too hard
But its a bit different
Not that its hugely different
Slow Dancing in the Dark is his best song so far, just because it's somewhat different from his other stuff
Actually I will say
See edit
Its true
I hear it
I am with you
Just a few
Haha no worries
Go get it
Can we start a land war in Asia?
Alexa, this is so sad
Through the bush?
Around the corner?
Head on?
How does one tackle the problem?
Guys when you're trying to beat them cheeks like its your job, whats the approach?
(cry)
(smile)
No she not
I really wanted Auto Response to give me a response to Mars
I am too
Crying Laughing Emoji
(cwl)
Its actually so passive aggressive, its amazing
Yep
Fair enough.
What do you know?
Good guess
What's your name?
Hehe
Archer
Monorail!
That's the spirit!
You might as well
You should too
I am blushing
Thank you very much!
I am on now
I am online now
I am sure
Oh I am
I am too
Auto response is eggcellent
Yes we will
Now that we got rid of him
Arright
Its the reel one now
Yeah add this account guys
I am not alone!
Wow, this is aids
Mine too!
That was the auto response
What do you see?
that doesn't have my contacts
It's telling me there are new messages when there are no new messages in chat
I agree, there's no point in reiterating what we all know as it is practically a fact at this point in our minds, to restate it would be merely reaffirming that it is known which would be pointless.
I wasn't even aware that was a possible callsign
Rip mac n cheese
It's your cross to bear
Eggcellent, now tell that to all the people from Oklahoma who couldn't say the same as they made exodus from their Dusty Bowl
Hand it over...that thing, your dark wallet.
If so I'm on Samecord
You're a filter
[B]arney's [B]eanery?
It really do :'^(
Nah i'm good
"Literal vampire potbelly goblins are hobbling around coming after us"
Damn, I love Pugna. As soon as the match begins and I have the cute little green guy all to myself, I know that nothing's going to stop me from smiling and laughing for the next hour or so.My secret is that I am the lover to that little gooey goblin. Pugna is my everything and he makes me feel ethereal with intimacy. Pugna's kit makes him the ultimate lovemaking machine, like that is what he was built to do. I picture that I am a lonely squire, secluded on my bed in my quarters, when the royal Pugna walks in, removes his Nether Lord's Regalia, and says "The Nether's reach is long!". In this moment, I know that Pugna will have his way with me. First, big P will use his Nether Blast, a powerful burst of pure spine-chilling pleasure that oozes to every crevice of my body, I feel as though I'm going to erupt with ecstasy. That is Pugna's signal that I am his for the taking...Next, He decrepifies me, and suddenly I am on cloud nine, in a surreal frame of body and mind, and every touch of Pugna sends orgasmic chills down my spine, as though I am unable to even move, paralyzed by the insurmountable wave of pleasure overcoming me, it's as though I can't even try to resist, even if I wanted to, and Pugna further asserts his dominance over me and everything I am.By now Pugna has me right where he wants me, I try to tell him to slow down, but I am on his time now. While P is the ultimate lover, I need to know that he owns me. My Green Daddy puts down his nether ward, so now, if I try to resist daddies urges, I will be punished... every squirm and gasp goes noticed, and I am zapped like a canine with a shock collar. It should hurt... but.. it doesn't, with each zap I feel myself coming closer to the edge, and by now daddy knows that I am his. Everything I thought I knew about my body is out the window, none of it belongs to me, it belongs to Pugna now.At this point I am ready to burst, It's as though the slightest movement will bring me to climax, but I know daddy isn't finished with me yet... That's when he does it. Everything else had been child's play compared to what I would experience next. Pugna inhaled deeply, and before I could even react, I was welcomed to the the good suck. Oh my God. The moment Pugna graced me with his suck, I came with such an incredible force and power, the likes of which I have never experienced before. Pugna didn't stop. He kept sucking and sucking and the cum continued to erupt from my member, rope after rope of my juices being absorbed into my Daddy Pugna's throat, and he never missed a single drop. It felt as though my very being was leaving my body and entering his, in the form of my spunk. This orgasmic revelation continued until I was completely dry, and only then was I released from his suck.Daddy wiped his mouth, smiling, I could tell he was pleased with my offering. Since I had been absolutely depleted by him, Pugna tucked me in, and left as swiftly as he had entered. I didn't want it to end, I wished he would walk back in and take me all over again. But I started to doze off, I was so sleepy from my gargantuan orgasm, so I knew I had to catch some bzz's, and just pray that I would dream it all over again...Damn, I love Pugna.
That's obviously OmegaCuck, the Assassinator
That's a pretty good story mars
For QTpie that is
Now that's some good advertising
"WHO'S LAUGHING NOW" Todd Howard screams as he crashes through your front door. Awe struck by the presence of Todd you freeze, giving him the chance to pull your wallet out of the pants which house them. He salivates at the mouth as he pulls out 200 of your hard earned dollars and places the wad in his back pocket. Todd leans in close and whispers "Thank you for supporting our business", he turns toward the door which he entered through and begins to slide towards it. Before leaving the man himself Todd Howard looks back at you and drops three copies of The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim at your feet. As your regain the ability to move you see Todd throw a wink your way and flies off into sky, presumably headed to the next person who dared to say that there were "too many versions of Skyrim".
I'm sorry, little ones
Parsa its ok to be a furry, and it wasn't in the trailer, it was a separate video
What's a parent
It really do be like that don't it
Now see, that's something the rat would say to draw attention away from himself
Atleast I didn't invent the rat
He's playing at the LA County Fair September 1st
Autofill can't save you this time
Apparently Slacks wrote GabeN's lines for the announcer pack
[8/22/2018 7:22:27 PM] Jett Amoore: Santa Monica Daily Press
9 hrs · 
BREAKING: A Santa Monica man has been found guilty of the murder of 18-year-old Juan Castillo, the SaMoHi graduate found shot to death last year. A jury found 43-year-old Sherwin Mendoza Espinosa guilty of second-degree murder, according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office.

Espinosa faces 40 years to life in state prison. Sentencing is scheduled for Oct. 12 in Department W82 of LA County Airport Courthouse.&lt;&lt;&lt;
Words don't exist to describe a being such as this
But, you can't make an omelette without cracking a few eggs
I'm sorry you're one of the poor fools who has skype on their phone
You're at home one afternoon by yourself, just relaxing on the couch. You hear a soft knock at the door. You open it, not knowing quite what to expect. It's Todd Howard. He's young and super fit, just out of game developer school and full of youthful optimism. He's wearing this sexy outfit that makes him look like he's from the medieval ages or like he's going to a renaissance fair. He tells you about a new game he just made, Skyrim. He's going door to door selling his game, just trying to get enough money together for his first game studio.You tell him, hey, good luck partner, but I don't need any more games right now. You're about to shut the door when he takes a step forward. You don't understand, he explains, he really, really wants to sell you a copy of Skyrim. In fact, he'd do just about anything to close the deal...
Worshipping Todd "Godd" Howard as he should be
I do, I want to be a tubby kul'tiran and meme around 
Are the Kul'tiran humans cool?
That feel when you miss both of EG's games feelsbadman
You've been caught shlackin memelo, get back to work
I can also appreciate the dog absolutely destroying that stuffed thing
Because I can't stand you negusi
[8/12/2018 12:22:30 PM] Miles O'Brien: If you appreciate complexity, then Artifact would appeal to you&lt;&lt;&lt;
There's a lot of info about Artifact already out, you just have to look it up
Can't wait to play as the Big Dick Bandito and nuke xXPussyDestroyer69Xx's taco hut
Can't wait to play as the Big Dick Bandito and nuked xXPussyDestroyer69Xx's taco hut
You're not wrong
now that's cookin with bacon
Which is much more in the vein of old style RPG's
Yeah I think that's true
Old style RPG's like that are essentially like reading books in how they play, its very much a cerebral passive experience
I think it was for the popularity, because I don't think a top-down isometric RPG would have appealed to as wide an audience as a shooter would have.
almost an Hour of Todd "Godd" Howard talking
He knew it better than anyone else, and couldn't handle the truth still
Dost thou care if I PRAISE THE SUN
Diego I'm not even sure you're speaking English right now
Your inability to accept that, is what will bring you suffering.
Caesar knows I'm making beats
It's true
You'd have to have fallen for one to know one ;) 
That's basically simulating weeb behavior
You all out here lookin like a bag of semechki; stuffed full of seed
don't be a ni[B][B]er
We're having the Kvass party on Thursday-Friday
Skepta's one song
it do be like that don't it
You're all looking like potatoes out here
That's some big aids
You're missing the best stuff
I didn't see the picture
That's because Dark Souls 2 was inconsistent in its theme, so much so that they brought Miyazaki in to try and make sense of the direction. Also I wouldn't say its self-contained as the implication of the ending is that your decision ultimately doesn't matter, there will be someone else who comes along, gets all the lord souls and reignites the first flame or lets it die out
That's because Dark Souls 2 was inconsistent in its theme, so much so that they brought Miyazaki in to try and make sense of the direction. Also I wouldn't say its self-contained as the implication is that your decision ultimately doesn't matter, there will be someone else who comes along, gets all the lord souls and reignites the first flame or lets it die out
They literally don't even touch upon the theme of fire or what the constant struggle to not die is really indicative of (which is the darkness within ourselves, because we internalize our want and therefore internalize the origin of our suffering; our suffering being the want to struggle against fate. which is why maintaining humanity/ember is such an important mechanic)
This video makes me sad, because they use Dark Souls 2 as the main body of evidence and go utterly off base as they use a Freudian-Oedipus complex to explain imagery which is probably unintentional and if it is intentional is a ancillary theme rather than a guiding theme of the game
There's that, but there's also a planet in Rogue Trader which is essentially mobile hive-cities waging an endless war with each other
Great video Melon, but I'm not sure it was necessary to show us your body pillow of the Planters mascot
I was sitting in the theater, Watching Incredibles 2, and I was quietly eating some beans, keeping to my self, like normal, when, half way through the movie, a black teenager came and sat in the same isle as me, a few seats away from me. I notice him and my hands go cold. My brow starts to sweat. I can’t even focus on the movie. I knew I had to put my beans away. I slowly bent over, trying to place my beans on the floor, out of sight, behind my tote bag that contained 47 more cans of beans. I set the open can on the floor. I started to slowly sit back up in my seat, but then, because I ate so many beans, it happened. During a very quiet scene, I farted so loud, it must’ve set a record. It was a juicy one, and I felt every person in the theater look at me. Some chuckled. But the one I was most worried about was the black teenager. I knew I had to get out of there. But, as I frantically stood up, I tripped on the bag of beans. The bag toppled over, and the 47 cans of beans rolled onto the floor. I turned and tried to run out of there, but it was too late. He saw. In a deep booming voice, he yelled “THIS NIGGA EATING BEANS!” Everyone started laughing. I fell to the floor, defeated. I started weeping. Never have I been so embarrassed. Only Later, after the movie ended, I was able to walk out of there. I am committing suicide after I finish writing this. This is a warning. You don’t think it can happen to you, but it can. Moral of the story: don’t go in a movie theater where a black teenager is present, whilst eating beans.
you're not about rap thing
And not spreading this degenerate talk of "booty on the outside"
Thank you Michael, atleast I'm making lyrics, Mars
that's my favorite song
don't get sacoma now
It really do be like that don't it
Science thinking
Let's Get This Bread
We've been wrong this whole time
That's what I like to hear
La'thaal do be existing
Axe's brother, Jeremy
[7/25/2018 12:00:50 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 11:57:56 PM] Miles O'Brien: [Tuesday, July 24, 2018 11:57 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 11:57:25 PM] Miles O'Brien: [11:57 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 11:57:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [11:36 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; Kill yourselfRide Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart, Today 11:36 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 11:57 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 11:57 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 11:57:31 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 11:57:25 PM] Miles O'Brien: [11:57 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 11:57:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [11:36 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; Kill yourselfRide Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart, Today 11:36 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 11:57 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 11:57:13 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 11:57:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [11:36 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; Kill yourselfRide Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart, Today 11:36 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 11:36:28 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: Kill yourself&lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 9:42:11 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: OwO whats this that you just said about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in art school, and I’ve been involved in numerous convention hotel room orgies, and I have over 300 confirmed gay yiff commissions. I am twained in taking big gorilla daddy dick and I’m the top cumguzzler in the entire furry community. You are nothing to me but just another femboy fox. I will suck you the fuck off with fur-y the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fur-cking words. You think you can get away with saying that scat to me over furrymate.com? Think again, fur-cker. As we speak I am contacting my secwet network of big dick daddies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the stowm, faggot. The stowm that licks and kisses the pathetic little thing you call your bulge. You’re getting fucking head, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can pounce on you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare paws. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed gay yiff, but I have access to the entire arsenal of baddragon.com and I will use it to its full extent to fuck your misewable ass off the face of the continent, you wittle shit. If only you could have known what unholy bulgy wulgy your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you could knot, you did knot, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit cum all over you and you will drown in it. Your fragile heterosexuality is fucking dead, cubbo.&lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 9:03:37 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 9:03:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [9:03 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 9:03:04 PM] Miles O'Brien: [9:01 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 9:01:06 PM] Diego Jimenez: [9:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 9:00:38 PM] Miles O'Brien: [9:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:59:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:57 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:58 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:22 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:57 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 9:00 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 9:00 PM
&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 9:01 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 9:03 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 9:03:10 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 9:03:04 PM] Miles O'Brien: [9:01 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 9:01:06 PM] Diego Jimenez: [9:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 9:00:38 PM] Miles O'Brien: [9:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:59:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:57 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:58 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:22 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:57 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 9:00 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 9:00 PM
&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 9:01 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 9:01:12 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 9:01:06 PM] Diego Jimenez: [9:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 9:00:38 PM] Miles O'Brien: [9:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:59:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:57 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:58 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:22 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:57 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 9:00 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 9:00 PM
&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 9:00:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 9:00:48 PM] Miles O'Brien: [9:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 9:00:38 PM] Miles O'Brien: [9:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:59:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:57 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:58 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:22 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:57 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 9:00 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 9:00 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 9:00:43 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 9:00:38 PM] Miles O'Brien: [9:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:59:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:57 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:58 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:22 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:57 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 9:00 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 9:00:28 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:59:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:57 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:58 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:22 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:57 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 9:00:20 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:59:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:57 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:58 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:22 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:57 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 9:00:12 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:59:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:57 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:58 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:22 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:57 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 8:57:03 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:56:58 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:22 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 8:56:46 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:56:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:22 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 8:56:32 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:56:22 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:56:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:56 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 8:56:13 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:56:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 8:55:57 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:55:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 8:55:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:55:28 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:55 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 8:55:01 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:54:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 8:52:48 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:52:42 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 8:52:35 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:52:21 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 8:52:13 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:52:06 PM] Miles O'Brien: [8:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 8:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[7/24/2018 8:51:15 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [7/24/2018 8:50:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: so uh we camping boys?&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
It's basically dame tu cosita
But this isn't a surreal meme
Not gonna lie the weird dancing alien thing is not my favorite meme, its basically a poor man's surreal meme without any of the charming post-ironicness
Not gonna lie the weird dancing alien thing is not my favorite meme, its basically a poor man's surreal meme without any of the post-ironicness
He's a very sad boi, but very deep
Other things I use to do with Carl includes...pickin' fruit offa trees
She's definitely a prostitute then
If you don't remember this sound effect
Because I would assume Europeans wouldn't be nearly as familiar with her works as someone who lives in the U.S.
By Gwyn's burnt ballsack, what a shitpost
they're making it
Fuckin' deadly diseases
Guys be careful and don't catch Ligma, Sugma, or Bofa
I'm an alpha, so I only use ALPHA keys
You know, I'm something of a scientist myself
Also phantoms literally beat bosses for you in Dark Souls 1, EGGCELLENT game design
It really DO be like that
It really DO
If you like Dishonored you'll probably like prey
Guys I just realized we haven't had our Kvass Party yet
I wasn't answering the question though
Because he didn't produce the song
I mean, it wasn't just frank dukes it was also louis bell
David, we're all proud that your consuming Poki's posterior but there are better ways of telling us
David, is this your way of telling us you're eating Pokimanes ass right now?
Considering you're one of the few people here who can appreciate good music here.
You're better off getting aids and dying
What is this? A cancelled episode of Wild N' Out?
TF 2 understood why people play games
You're boolin and in the worst way possible
It’s a bit extreme to jump to the conclusion that Ameer was kicked out for not being gay, Anthony
Ahhh, thou'rt unkindled and a seeker of lords...
"QT DUO WITH ME"
I would have just been like "QT!?!??!!?"
Perhaps you've heard of it.
I believe they call it a Children's Card game.
because it seems like the one who made it, genuinely didn't understand what he was talking about half the time and used gross oversimplification to substantiate a lot of his claims
said I'm bout to go dumb
Father, why would you defend this kneegro?
Who the fuck are these cool, interesting nobodies standing next to the guy who makes 2 million a year from playing a highly complex, and in depth kid's game?
Who the fuck are these cool, interesting nobodies standing next to the guy who makes 2 million a year from playing a  highly complex, and in depth kid's game?
Who the fuck are these cool, interesting nobodies standing next to the guy who makes 2 million a year from playing a kid's game?
Who the fuck are these nobodies standing next to the guy who makes 2 million a year from playing a kid's game?
Thou'rt Ash and fire befits thee.
that's phucked up
I said its kind of plagiarism, theres a clear line when you're literally directly making something in imitation of something else, but making a slight alteration is somewhat disingenuous because its like referencing something without committing to the idea of it while still essentially trying to create that very same thing
I didn't realize Miyazaki literally took them directly from Berserk
Ahh, thou'rt a bibber
Would you prefer the earth to be a waterworld or become an ash wasteland?
That's something I can get behind
I'm not sure why this is an issue
I'm not against mods, I'm just saying in this case mods shouldn't have been necessary to begin with
I'm saying there shouldn't be a need for the mod in the first place, even if its there, it represents a shortcoming of the developer to actually make a functioning game.
That's what I mean
Why should the consumer be the one to bear that burden when its the dev's job to make it work in the first place?
Also, that's a false equivalency because your assuming the car works opitmally
It was their first time porting something to PC, but that doesn't mean it gets a pass
The base game wasn't actually developed to its fullest.
I mean, can you really say a game is better than another if you have to go in and basically fix it yourself to enjoy it significantly more?
I mean, if we're talking strictly PC, DS Remastered is better than the original release because the original PC release was actually horribly ported and they realized that and fixed it in remastered.
Finally on the Darkest Dungeon hypetrain now that Michael "Imaqtpie" Santana has begun to expose his young, impressionable viewers to its glory.
Finally on the Darkest Dungeon hypetrain now that Michael "Imaqtpite" Santana has begun to expose his young, impressionable viewers to its glory.
Wait, can someone else say that, I don't think Jett is qualified to say this given his affiliation with World of Warcraft
This is the first time I've conversed with other human beings since the beginning
Oh bless up, it's good to be back Milo
Annnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnd that's the whole game fellas
Perhaps you're familiar.
Long ago, in a walled off land, far to the north,
By then, you'll be something other than human.
None will have meaning, and you won't even care.
Perhaps you've seen it, maybe in a dream.
a lot of people playing something doesn't mean its good, that's a fallacy
a lot of people playing something doesn't mean its good, that's a fallac
There is an old saying in my family: "Thou who art foolish are chosen. In thine exodus from the fool asylum maketh pilgrimage to the land of ancient fools and ring the bell of awakening and the fate of the fool thou shalt know.
If I got my sunglasses, you know I'm havin fun
You're all truly wonderful, have a good one.
R E M O V E  N ' W A H
alright I'm gonna have to get it poppin for milo
Perhaps you've seen it, maybe in a dream.A murky, forgotten land.A place where shrooms may mend your ailing mind.You will lose everything...... once Branded.The symbol of the stoner.An augur of dankness.Your past. Your future. Your very light.None will have meaning, and you won't even care.By then, you'll be something other than human.A thing that feeds on smoke.A Hollow who tokes.Long ago, in a walled off land, far to the north, a great king built a great kingdom.I believe they called it Angeles National Forest.Perhaps you're familiar.No, how could you be.But one day, you will stand before its decrepit gate.Without really knowing why...Like a moth drawn to a flame.Your weed will burn in anguish.Time after time.For that is your fate.The fate of the high.
Perhaps you've seen it, maybe in a dream.A murky, forgotten land.A place where souls may mend your ailing mind.You will lose everything...... once Branded.The symbol of the stoner.An augur of dankness.Your past. Your future. Your very light.None will have meaning, and you won't even care.By then, you'll be something other than human.A thing that feeds on smoke.A Hollow who tokes.Long ago, in a walled off land, far to the north, a great king built a great kingdom.I believe they called it Angeles National Forest.Perhaps you're familiar.No, how could you be.But one day, you will stand before its decrepit gate.Without really knowing why...Like a moth drawn to a flame.Your weed will burn in anguish.Time after time.For that is your fate.The fate of the high.
Someone on YouTube named "The power" posted this in the comment section of This is America
I'm lovin' the Dota 2 that QT is whippin out
You clearly haven't eaten ass then
Diego's been abducted it would appear
In the Age of Ancients the world was unformed, shrouded by fog. A land of gray joints, Ashtrays, and Everlasting Dickheads. But then there was Weed and with weed came disparity. Toke and cough, life and death, and of course, rip and chop. Then from the dank, They came, and found the Souls of Lords within the Weed. Michael, the First of the Dank, The Witch of Memelo and his Daughters of Chops, Mars, the Lord of Lighters, and his faithful stoners. And the Furtive Philip, so easily forgotten.With the strength of Lords, they challenged the Dickheads. Mars's mighty tokes peeled apart their thick hides. The Witches weaved great smokestorms. Michael unleashed a miasma of dank and wheeze. And Diego the Thiccness betrayed his own, and the Dickheads were no more.Thus began the Age of Weed. But soon the flames will fade and only Dark will remain. Even now there are only embers, and man sees not weed, but only empty bowls. And amongst the smoking are seen, carriers of the accursed Danksign.Yes, indeed. The Danksign brands the smoking. And in this land, the smoking are corralled and led to the Angeles Forest, where they are locked away, to await the end of the world... This is your fate.Only, in the ancient legends it is stated, that one day an smoking shall be chosen to leave the smoking asylum, in pilgrimage, to the land of ancient lords, Lordran.
In the Age of Ancients the world was unformed, shrouded by fog. A land of gray joints, Ashtrays, and Everlasting Dickheads. But then there was Weed and with weed came disparity. Toke and cough, life and death, and of course, rip and chop. Then from the dank, They came, and found the Souls of Lords within the Weed. Michael, the First of the Dank, The Witch of Memelo and his Daughters of Chops, Mars, the Lord of Lighters, and his faithful stoners. And the Furtive Philip, so easily forgotten.With the strength of Lords, they challenged the Dickheads. Mars's mighty tokes peeled apart their thick hides. The Witches weaved great smokestorms. Michael unleashed a miasma of dank and wheeze. And Diego the Thiccness betrayed his own, and the Dickheads were no more.Thus began the Age of Weed. But soon the flames will fade and only Dark will remain. Even now there are only embers, and man sees not weed, but only empty bowls. And amongst the smoking are seen, carriers of the accursed Danksign.Yes, indeed. The Danksign brands the smoking. And in this land, the smoking are corralled and led to the Angeles Forest, where they are locked away, to await the end of the world... This is your fate.Only, in the ancient legends it is stated, that one day an smoking shall be chosen to leave the smoking asylum, in pilgrimage, to the land of ancient lords, Lordran.
In the Age of Ancients the world was unformed, shrouded by fog. A land of gray joints, Ashtrays, and Everlasting Dickheads. But then there was Weed and with weed came disparity. Toke and cough, life and death, and of course, rip and chop. Then from the dank, They came, and found the Souls of Lords within the Weed. Michael, the First of the Dank, The Witch of Memelo and his Daughters of Chops, Mars, the Lord of Lighters, and his faithful stoners. And the Furtive Philip, so easily forgotten.With the strength of Lords, they challenged the Dickheads. Mars's mighty tokes peeled apart their thick hides. The Witches weaved great smokestorms. Michael unleashed a miasma of dank and wheeze. And Diego the Thiccness betrayed his own, and the Dickheads were no more.Thus began the Age of Weed. But soon the flames will fade and only Dark will remain. Even now there are only embers, and man sees not weed, but only empty bowls. And amongst the smoking are seen, carriers of the accursed Danksign.Yes, indeed. The Danksign brands the smoking. And in this land, the smoking are corralled and led to the Angeles Forest, where they are locked away, to await the end of the world... This is your fate.Only, in the ancient legends it is stated, that one day an smoking shall be chosen to leave the smkoing asylum, in pilgrimage, to the land of ancient lords, Lordran.
But did the unctuousness of the meat deliver it's platonic ideals, or did it choose the path of preserving that maillard fantastical delivery with that signature backdraw of losing the spiciness of many stratospheres?
Bulldog Casting Epicenter was actually one of the best things I've ever seen
[5/6/2018 3:14:35 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [5/6/2018 3:14:23 PM] Miles O'Brien: [3:14 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/6/2018 3:14:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [3:13 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/6/2018 3:13:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [10:59 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; Yes indeed, it is called camping. Where the transitory lands of the lords of forest converge. In venturing to the LA forest the pilgrims discover the truth of the old word:”the bong dies and the Lords go without tokes”. When the link of the bowl is threatened the bell tolls unearthing the old lords of retards from their graves. Mars saint of the deep tokes. Milo’s Savage legion: the Goat watchers. And the boosted lord of the society which he lives in Miles the giant. Only in truth the lords will abandon their bongs and the homunculi will rise. Domeless retarded subhuman unfit even to pick cotton. And so it is that eeeeee seeketh reeeeeMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 10:59 AM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 3:13 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 3:14 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[5/6/2018 3:14:16 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [5/6/2018 3:14:09 PM] Miles O'Brien: [3:13 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/6/2018 3:13:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [10:59 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; Yes indeed, it is called camping. Where the transitory lands of the lords of forest converge. In venturing to the LA forest the pilgrims discover the truth of the old word:”the bong dies and the Lords go without tokes”. When the link of the bowl is threatened the bell tolls unearthing the old lords of retards from their graves. Mars saint of the deep tokes. Milo’s Savage legion: the Goat watchers. And the boosted lord of the society which he lives in Miles the giant. Only in truth the lords will abandon their bongs and the homunculi will rise. Domeless retarded subhuman unfit even to pick cotton. And so it is that eeeeee seeketh reeeeeMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 10:59 AM&lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 3:13 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[5/6/2018 3:13:53 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [5/6/2018 3:13:40 PM] Miles O'Brien: [10:59 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; Yes indeed, it is called camping. Where the transitory lands of the lords of forest converge. In venturing to the LA forest the pilgrims discover the truth of the old word:”the bong dies and the Lords go without tokes”. When the link of the bowl is threatened the bell tolls unearthing the old lords of retards from their graves. Mars saint of the deep tokes. Milo’s Savage legion: the Goat watchers. And the boosted lord of the society which he lives in Miles the giant. Only in truth the lords will abandon their bongs and the homunculi will rise. Domeless retarded subhuman unfit even to pick cotton. And so it is that eeeeee seeketh reeeeeMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 10:59 AM&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
[5/6/2018 10:59:42 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Yes indeed, it is called camping. Where the transitory lands of the lords of forest converge. In venturing to the LA forest the pilgrims discover the truth of the old word:”the bong dies and the Lords go without tokes”. When the link of the bowl is threatened the bell tolls unearthing the old lords of retards from their graves. Mars saint of the deep tokes. Milo’s Savage legion: the Goat watchers. And the boosted lord of the society which he lives in Miles the giant. Only in truth the lords will abandon their bongs and the homunculi will rise. Domeless retarded subhuman unfit even to pick cotton. And so it is that eeeeee seeketh reeeee&lt;&lt;&lt;
Guys, if you don't know Solaire of Astora, you better get to know him because he's coming up
I'm crying because I know that soon David will, in all his virility, clap those freshly legal cheeks and spray his manhood all over them
I'm already there my guy
That's an old Somali Pirate Pizza Hut meme
That's actually a HyperBruh, I'll have you know you uncultured swine
I'm Thanos's enormous chin
Like it felt like they were putting people in just to say "this person was in the movie too!"
There were some cameos that didn't make sense
I haven't seen all the Marvel movies though
Would it be an animation where he's clapping her cheeks raw whenever he auto attacks like a real nigga?
I couldn't int hard enough
So now I am older than my mother and fatherWhen they had their daughterNow what does that say about meOh how could I dream of such a selfless and true loveCould I wash my hands ofJust looking out for meOh man what I used to beOh man oh my oh meOh man what I used to beOh man oh my oh meIn dearth or in excessBoth the slave and the empressWill return to the dirt I guess, naked as when they cameI wonder if I'll see any faces above meOr just cracks in the ceilingNobody else to blameOh man what I used to beOh man oh my oh meOh man that I used to beOh man oh my oh meGold teeth and gold jewelryEvery piece of your dowryThrow them into the tomb with meBury them with my nameUnless I have somedayRan my wandering mind awayOh man what I used to beMontezuma to TripoliOh man oh my oh me
You're a prank
"The upcoming changes for League of Legends ranked are excellent and represent the interesting and nuanced approach by Riot to keep the game relevant in this oversaturated market, Kappa" - Gabe "The One-Man Cheeseburger Apocalypse" Newell
aren't a pro
You're missing out Parsa, its a beautiful app that when used correctly, can propagate some of the spiciest memes
That's a beautiful configuration, David
That's the new story for Riven and Yasuo
 And so it is, that 'tard seeketh 'tism.
Yes, indeed. It is called Autism, where the transitory lands of the Lords of 'Tism converge.In venturing north, the pilgrims discovered the truth of the old words:"The intelligence fades and the lords go without thrones."When the link of the 'Tism is threatened, the bell tolls, unearthing the old Lords of 'Tism from their graves...Memelo, Saint of the Pizza...PJ Salts's Undead Legion, the Mautism Watchers...And the reclusive lord of the Profusely Acoustic Captial, MArz the Big...Only, in truth... the Lords will abandon their thrones...And the Autismus will rise.Nameless, accursed 'tard, unfit even to be a vegetable. And so it is, that 'tard seeketh 'tism. 
oh bless up, my guy QT carrying Chapanya's heavy ass midlane back up to masters Feelsgoodman
That's fuck you for russian
Yebat' tebya
that's Swedish for "Fuck you"
But that's not the important thing
If you had ladykiller you'd probably get an option
  "The life without The Witcher 3: Enhanced Edition is not worth living." - Socrates        "I play The Witcher 3: Enhanced Edition therefore I am." - Descartes        "I might be blind, but even I can see this mod is amazing." - Homer    "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but The Witcher 3: Enhanced Edition." - Aristotle        "And what is better than wisedoom? The Witcher 3: Enhanced Edition. And what is better than The Witcher 3: Enhanced Edition? Nothing." - Chaucer    "This mod made me touch myself." - Catullus    "The greatest consolation in life is to play The Witcher 3: Enhanced Edition." - Voltaire        "Hell is the inability to love. Heaven is The Witcher 3: Enhanced Edition." - Tolstoy        "Good." - Hemingway
Yes, indeed. It is called Lothric, where the transitory lands of the Lords of Cinder converge.In venturing north, the pilgrims discovered the truth of the old words:"The fire fades and the lords go without thrones."When the link of the fire is threatened, the bell tolls, unearthing the old Lords of Cinders from their graves...Aldrich, Saint of the Deep...Farron's Undead Legion, the Abyss Watchers...And the reclusive lord of the Profaned Captial, Yhorm the Giant...Only, in truth... the Lords will abandon their thrones...And the Unkindled will rise.Nameless, accursed Undead, unfit even to be cinder. And so it is, that ash seeketh embers. 
David don't make me clap those cheecks
I'm going back to AD
Its official, Voyboy &gt; Scarra
Guys, who's better
Not gonna lie, that kid's going places
Diego, if you have to ask, I think there's a problem
It's a good thing Rito doesn't discriminate in honors
You've gotten 688% more honors for staying cool than the average player. Keep it up!
7.13:== Aegis now has an alt tooltip that explains how to pronounce the item Tier 1 Tower Team Bounty reduced from 120 to 100 Tier 2 Tower Team Bounty reduced from 200 to 120 Tier 3 Tower Team Bounty reduced from 200 to 140 Tier 4 Tower Team Bounty reduced from 200 to 160 Range barracks team bounty reduced from 150 to 100 Filler buildings gold bounty from 125 to 75 Ranged creep average gold bounty reduced from 57 to 54 Glyph duration increased from 5 to 6 Melee Barracks HP increased from 1500 to 1800 Shrines HP increased from 1500 to 1750 Shrines now have 5 HP regen Rescaled Level 12-&gt;25 respawn time curve to be slightly less early and the same later on (changed from 48/52/54/56/58/60/70/74/76/78/82/86/90/100 to 44/46/48/50/52/54/65/70/75/80/85/90/95/100) Removed hero class specific perks, the bonuses now affect all classes. Removed Status Resistance as a Strength based attribute bonus Rebalanced str/int/agi bonuses below (they still provide +1 bonus damage to primary attribute holders)* Primary Attribute now provides +25% more benefit to the bonuses it providesOld Strength:--20 Health0.71% HP Regen0.15% Status ResistanceNew Strength:--18 Health (+25% for str heroes: 22.5)0.55% HP Regen (+25% for str heroes: 0.68%)+0.08% Magic Resistance (+25% for str heroes: 0.1%)Old Intelligence:--12 Mana2% Mana Regen0.07% Spell Amplication+0.15% Magic ResistanceNew Intelligence:--12 Mana (+25% for int heroes: 15)1.8% Mana Regen (+25% for int heroes: 2.25)0.07% Spell Amplication (+25% for int heroes: 0.087%)Old Agility:--0.17 Armor1 Attack Speed0.06% Movement SpeedNew Agility:--0.16 Armor (+25% for agi heroes: 0.2)1 Attack Speed (+25% for agi: 1.25)0.05% Movement Speed (+25% for agi: 0.062%)
That feel when you're the only one on your team who won your lane, but your team still flames FeelsGoodMan
I'm actually going to check it out
and it's called Prime World
It's on Steam
And I think that's beautiful
But Riot doesn't care, because he brings their game so many views
Guys, I didn't realize
Guinsoo's Rageblade is named after Steve 'Guinsoo' Feak, one of the main creative minds behind League of Legends and creator of Defense of the Ancients: Allstars
He's actually just a fucking meme
Now now diego, don't forget
Yes, indeed. It is called Lothric, where the transitory lands of the Lords of Cinder converge.In venturing north, the pilgrims discovered the truth of the old words:"The fire fades and the lords go without thrones."When the link of the fire is threatened, the bell tolls, unearthing the old Lords of Cinders from their graves...Aldrich, Saint of the Deep...Farron's Undead Legion, the Abyss Watchers...And the reclusive lord of the Profaned Captial, Yhorm the Giant...Only, in truth... the Lords will abandon their thrones...And the Unkindled will rise.Nameless, accursed Undead, unfit even to be cinder. And so it is, that ash seeketh embers.
Yes, indeed. It is called Lothric, where the transitory lands of the Lords of Cinder converge.In venturing north, the pilgrims discovered the truth of the old words:"The fire fades and the lords go without thrones."When the link of the fire is threatened, the bell tolls, unearthing the old Lords of Cinders from their graves...Aldrich, Saint of the Deep...Farron's Undead Legion, the Abyss Watchers...And the reclusive lord of the Profaned Captial, Yhorm the Giant...Only, in truth... the Lords will abandon their thrones...And the Unkindled will rise.Nameless, accursed Undead, unfit even to be cinder. And so it is, that ash seeketh embers.
but also
Zed's dead baby
My favorite part is where Yhorm wakes up and just looks like "Y'all [B]I[B][B]as really woke me up for this?"
Yes, indeed. It is called College. Where the transitory lands of the exhausted students converge. In venturing north, the pilgrims discover the truth of the old words. The GPA fades, and the homework goes unsolved. When the link of graduation is threatened, the bell tolls, unearthing the old lords of success from their graves. Wikipedia, saint of knowledge. Caffeine's sleepless legion, the one-nighters. And the reclusive lord of the drunk capital, Alcohol, the giant. Only in truth, the lords will barely do good, and the unhealthy will rise. Nameless accursed students, unfit even to be a functional part of society. And so it is that the student seeketh jobs.
Is this what we'll have to do to defeat Lilith?
Actually, I'm convinced they stole his design from it now, its just too similar to be a coincidence
That feel when you realize that Cho'gath's design looks incredibly similar to Violator's CGI form from Spawn (1997)
A new name for something quite old. Men with taste &amp; style who know about fashion, art, and culture have always existed. In past centuries, these kinds of men were in the uppercrust of society (more leisure time). Technology has enabled men with more leisure time, so less wealthy males can now fuss over their looks and aesthetics almost as much as women. An American Metrosexual is like your average European male. In France or Italy, men can be manly and work on cars and know about art and fashion at the same time. They are cool with that and don't need some special name for the less "masculine" side. In the U.S. we think men all have to be eithrt dumb gorillas or homosexuals. There is some grey area! There is an emphasis on not being pretentious in america that itself becomes a kind of pretentiousness. Men who dabble in vanity or in lofty romantic concerns seem less like men when in fact, they are probably better lovers to women than their traditional counterpart.
A nibba needs his chlorophyll
She left a week to roamYour protector's coming homeKeep your secrets with youSafe from the outsideYou walk along the streamYour head caught in a waking dreamYour protector's coming home, coming homeAs you lay to die beside me, babyOn the morning that you cameWould you wait for me?The other oneWould wait for meAs you lay to die beside me, babyOn the morning that you cameWould you wait for me?The other oneWould wait for meYou run with the devilYou run with the devilTell your brother to be goodTell your sister not to goTell your mother not to waitTell your father I was goodAs you lay to die beside me, babyOn the morning that you cameWould you wait for me?The other oneWould wait for me
There is beauty and tradition in the weeb. Money in every pocket. Even more money, hidden in every body pillow. Our weebery is an honor to take part in. And the last thing the non-weebs will ever see is our 2-D Waifu's.
I love that he just is like "We have more tables though"
Watch Borat's smarter brother do things with Cesium
That's a pretty lit dream
He was really kicked out because Scarra realized that he couldn't transform OffliveTV into the Facist Dictatorship he wanted without destroying the threat that was BasedYoona to his ideology
the highlight is when techies does the march of the mines
this video is beautiful
League of Legends gives me enormous homosexual
Stephen Hawking died
what a poor puss
Dota 2 anyone?
Yeah, I'm talking about TF 2
You had to purchase keys to open those crates
TF 2
uhhhhhh
SUCK MY DICK - Gaben 2018
which they figured they could do themselves
there are literally other businesses that profit off of that aspect of the game
I mean, they're really smart to do this
any league bibbas?
calling all real nibbas to the digcord
all real nibbas in the digcord
that's pretty shitty my guy
oh bless up, its story time
absolute cancer
"Look what I have risen above."

Shit, Maul should have booked it then, Obi-Wan basically just said he had the high-ground. He always has the high ground, From a Certain Point of View﻿
O O F
But I'm not Scarra digbo
Scarra is my senpai
ulu
I'm in
I'm going to be a knight in space who uses pistols
that decides it
alright
Can I be a knight who uses pistols instead of swords?
Can I be a bounty hunter named boba fett?
big gay
Can I play as a rogue trader of the House Duquesne?
Rogue Trader is a tabletop RPG based in Games Workshop's Warhammer 40,000 setting. It is published by Fantasy Flight Games and is part of their 40k-based RPG line, making it mechanically very similar to and broadly compatible with Dark Heresy, Deathwatch, Black Crusade, and Only War (and all their associated splatbooks).

The basic premise of the game has the players take on the roles of a Rogue Trader and his retinue of trusted officers (altogether referred to as "Explorers" by the system) as the command staff of a starship. With wealth, privilege and power undreamt of by the average Imperial citizen, Rogue Traders are free to explore the galaxy at the edges and, indeed, beyond the boundaries of established Imperial space. Far from the prying eyes of the Inquisition or other Imperial authorities, any method of furthering their interests and making profit is on the cards; strip-mining, enslaving, or depopulating entire worlds are within the realms of possibility, and many crews are not above consorting with xenos or even turning to heretical means to achieve their own ends. The players are free to role play the crew of a noble exploration vessel, a band of piratical looters, or anything in between - more than any other in the 40K RPG line, Rogue Trader offers players the most freedom and choice as to what they wish to achieve and how they go about doing it. Generally speaking, Rogue Traders answer to no-one but themselves and their Warrant of Trade lets them go where they please with relative impunity (although it still behooves them to try and stay in the Imperium's good graces).

From a mechanical perspective, the game is extremely similar to FFG's other 40K RPG lines and is, broadly speaking, mechanically compatible with them - Rogue Trader in fact includes rules and guidelines for porting Dark Heresy characters into a Rogue Trader game, and vice-versa (having been published before Deathwatch it makes no mention of that line, but is still compatible). The core of the rules is a percentile system where the player must roll a d100 and compare to a target number (usually a character attribute plus/minus relevant modifiers) to determine whether or not (and how well) they succeed at a given task. As in Dark Heresy, characters find themselves belonging to a specific career path which determines the availability of advances that can be purchased with their earned experience, although the careers in Rogue Trader are significantly more powerful than the Dark Heresy counterparts - a starting-rank RT character is considered roughly equivalent to a DH character with 5000XP. Character generation is much more involved than in Dark Heresy, with the players deciding on a multi-step "origin path" for their character (each step of which provides a choice of options with various mechanical effects).

Other notable differences in Rogue Trader's rules as compared to Dark Heresy include a significantly reworked system for psychic powers and techniques (RT uses attribute tests instead of DH's power dice), in-depth rules for the operation of starships and ship-to-ship combat, and the abandonment of the concrete monetary system in DH for the abstract "Profit Factor", which is tested against when making purchases, Rogue Traders being so fantastically wealthy and their wealth so diversely invested and represented that a simple monetary value becomes meaningless. Abstract rules for undertaking profit-making endeavors such as establishing trade routes and other commercial objectives are also included.
It is the 41st Millennium. For more than a hundred centuries The Emperor has sat immobile on the Golden Throne of Earth. He is the Master of Mankind by the will of the gods, and master of a million worlds by the might of his inexhaustible armies. He is a rotting carcass writhing invisibly with power from the Dark Age of Technology. He is the Carrion Lord of the Imperium for whom a thousand souls are sacrificed every day, so that he may never truly die. 

Yet even in his deathless state, the Emperor continues his eternal vigilance. Mighty battlefleets cross the daemon-infested miasma of the Warp, the only route between distant stars, their way lit by the Astronomican, the psychic manifestation of the Emperor's will. Vast armies give battle in his name on uncounted worlds. Greatest amongst his soldiers are the Adeptus Astartes, the Space Marines, bio-engineered super-warriors. Their comrades in arms are legion: the Imperial Guard and countless planetary defence forces, the ever vigilant Inquisition and the tech-priests of the Adeptus Mechanicus to name only a few. But for all their multitudes, they are barely enough to hold off the ever-present threat from aliens, heretics, mutants - and worse. 

To be a man in such times is to be one amongst untold billions. It is to live in the cruelest and most bloody regime imaginable. These are the tales of those times. Forget the power of technology and science, for so much has been forgotten, never to be re-learned. Forget the promise of progress and understanding, for in the grim dark future there is only war. There is no peace amongst the stars, only an eternity of carnage and slaughter, and the laughter of thirsting gods. note
alrighteroni
live*
grinding on that will to love
more like
grinding on that leeg?
 Aye
I declare that we hold a vote, on whether to continue the campaign or cancel it entirely. All in favor of cancelling say "Aye" all not in favor say "Nay"
League OmegaLuL
beat her up
thotimus
get outta here
Hype these nuts
and beaten up the person who waved at you
You should have taken the club
I mean, if I spent my day eating Pokimane's ass I'd say it was eventful too
unfortunate
you got vermintide?
Destroy the thot, Michael
It was painful
yeh
This is so accurate it hurts
because riot wants to keep their game rated 13+
a negus trynna vermintide
any negusi trynna slam?
he just needed that E D G E
to pull himself out of the pit
diego found the edge
Very nice
Hearthstone OmegaLuL
yeh
I been had that one
reset
it rese
the actual game is out now if you pre-ordered
LuL
now
only real bibbas
yeh
4 vermintide
They released the pre-open beta
Jolly Cooperation
From going stupid on you [B]I[B][B]as
Doc told me I got autism
we on dickord
You do get to play beta if you buy it
that code should work
Michael bought the game
I did not use the code
wall
this is why we need a wal
You actual baboon
I literally said I bought it
that's a hefty statement
whoa digbo, slow it down there
10/10 IGN
yeh
I already bought it
I mean
[4:53:18 PM] Miles O'Brien: [4:41 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:39 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/25/2018 4:34:42 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Guys, for years I have been looking for a way to enlarge my penis, without going to sewer clowns. After countless hours, I have found it: Vermintide 2. After purchasing this game, my erection is not only noticeably thicker and harder, but also an inch longer. I just found a blank check from Bill Gates with my name on it and my step-father loves me now.  I would suggest purchasing this game.&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:39 PMMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 4:41 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:41:48 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:39 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/25/2018 4:34:42 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Guys, for years I have been looking for a way to enlarge my penis, without going to sewer clowns. After countless hours, I have found it: Vermintide 2. After purchasing this game, my erection is not only noticeably thicker and harder, but also an inch longer. I just found a blank check from Bill Gates with my name on it and my step-father loves me now.  I would suggest purchasing this game.&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:39 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:41:48 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:39 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/25/2018 4:34:42 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Guys, for years I have been looking for a way to enlarge my penis, without going to sewer clowns. After countless hours, I have found it: Vermintide 2. After purchasing this game, my erection is not only noticeably thicker and harder, but also an inch longer. I just found a blank check from Bill Gates with my name on it and my step-father loves me now.  I would suggest purchasing this game.&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:39 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:34:42 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Guys, for years I have been looking for a way to enlarge my penis, without going to sewer clowns. After countless hours, I have found it: Vermintide 2. After purchasing this game, my erection is not only noticeably thicker and harder, but also an inch longer. I just found a blank check from Bill Gates with my name on it and my step-father loves me now.  I would suggest purchasing this game.

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
all years
Best game of the year
and its not league
because we can actually play that as a group
also buy vermintide 2 before release
Aye
Say "Aye"
All in favor
I propose that from henceforth we refer to the act of gathering as a collective as "vermintide anyone?" and that all references to "team" be retroactively struck from all records and memory.
I like these hams
yeh
its on sale now though
like in less than 2 weeks
its coming out very soon
that's why we've been saying get vermintide 2
stupid?!??!!??!!?!
Riot
and QT pays me for this
I have insurance
you cant steal my job
Diego
vermintide 2
its pretty good
 get vermintide guys
was living
unlucky existence
incredible
cause fuck the [B]lebs
Id ban her so my team couldn't play her
I mean, tactically remove her from play so the enemy cant use her
can't wait to spam ban her
the new champ in league looks incredibly cool and fun
Feelinggoodman
I feel like that could be interesting
we need to encounter more farmers
meet john the buff farmer
lul
its a witcher thing
yeah
as a witcher my maximum natural for agility and wisdom is 24, so can I add skill points to that still?
wait
EAZE clap
Like there was definite social messaging
I feel like SJW doesn't quite get at what the problem was though
I hope so
how would pokimane feel?
unfort
Ham sandwich perhaps?
how was dinner?
David
ulu
They literally live in a monarchial isolationist ethnostate
The people have spoken
Jett, I'm sorry, but popular opinion says you're racist
and got enslaved
and the reason black people die
youre racist
if not
have you seen the movie?
jett
Actually, they very deliberately point out that they kill and or forcibly remove any intruders who wandered in
David, how did you like the movie?
that's why
BECUZ THEY WAS KANGZ
LuL
holograms
Like, he was the thinly veiled racism the movie was okay with having on the screen
I love that he was just literally a BLM member and a dickhead
I'm not even joking
Eggxactly
He was like a member of Black Live Matter
he was literally "I hate white people" the character
the villain was great
not if you're juiced up on vibranium flower juice
He was just the unabashed militant black panther from the 60's
Michael B jordans character was my favorite
Yeah, but its not like a huge part of the story, its the fluff
its just a motif
the panther was like icing on the cake
idk wtf that was about
yeah
that its conducive to life
Its also implied the vibranium has some kind of passive effect on people
I mean, Tony stark is literally just a genius and he made all kinds of shit by himself
^
That's kind of part of the disbelief you need to suspend if you want to watch the movie
I'm not trying to defend the entire movie, but their being advanced didn't bother me
That's how the world works today, the people in power today are only in power because they were lucky enough to have enough of the right resources to exploit and take advantage of
The idea is geographic luck, they were lucky enough to get vibranium to arrive at those advances
Because it literally is a concession that they aren't unique, they were just lucky enough to get vibranium and use it
I actually really like that vibranium exists though, and that's why they are advanced
They could have used the aesthetic, theres nothing wrong with that, its just they made it everything, it wasn't just an aesthetic
which kind of ruined it
they could have actually have explored how a society would look if it was incredibly advanced, instead they opted for catering to the lowest common denominator
But like
yeeeh
Like those two ideas clashed
Also, one of my biggest problems was the primitive tribal practices combined with "the most advanced society on earth" thing
for no good reason
literally everyone just fought each other
Like, the end of the movie
It meandered a bit too much and made strange decisions
it was ok to watch
Yeah, black panther really wasn't crazy
jett confirmed kkk member
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; v
v

[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:20:36 PM] Jett Amoore: WE WUZ KANGS 10/10

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
because you didn't give black panther a 10/10
ur racist
Mars
I'm just surprised people take a movie that was greenlit by white executives at Disney who saw the opportunity to make a dollar and say its something more than a superhero movie
gotta get that overwatch reference in
I just found this one
as it should
Its more of a rant than a review, but it basically just P A N S the movie
yeeee
I was waiting for this one
but its also fairly edgy due to modern day context
its a jam
SAme
Let the memes flow back
in your life
and heres the edge you need
Heres some sad boy music to remind you that you're still alive
He ascended to another plane
this video increased my lifespan considerably
I thought Michael could appreciate it
its a trap
memerememremermemermemremremremermremrememr
memremremrememem
only real nibbas remeber
If you change the name of this group you could be sued for a hate crime because this is a religious institution
real nibba shit
but the amount of mobility new champs seem to have just seems dumb
5 hit passive lul
B E G O N E   T H O T
she looks broken
The worship of Brockhampton
lets get back to what really matters
FELLAS
But guys
you're the ones always pushing these gay  fanfics
the song is a meme and its not even trying to be
S O L I D   A S   T H E Y   C  O  M E
Elder Scrolls 6 will come out in 10 years
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
also this is a golden one
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.The ending of the words is ALMSIVI.
That feel when Mars literally passes out during DnD
and keeps getting up
and now hes a headless body that cant die
I knock this falmer servant back while cutting his head off
I just glitched a npc in skyrim and now he's unkillable
guys
eggxactly
DAGOTHWAVE
is*
All I can say it
You know it
Moon Sugar Records' up-and-coming rapper Lydia (stylized as LYDIA) really loves trappin'. In a new banger produced by Whiterun's very own beatsmith $eptims, the rapper lays smoking hot bars about her love for the trap. In a recent interview with Drums 1 Tamriel, where her single off of the fabled upcoming "Burdens" EP premiered worldwide, Lydia discussed how she could end her beef with the fellow rapper Nazeem (whose "Clouds" EP is in the making), Maven Black-Briar and her producer collective, TheBlackBriiars. "Burdens" EP is set for a release in early 4E 207.
to have found these videos
So blessed
Correct
with some token whites
B E R R Y black
Actual soundtrack to black panther
My bruddas understand
but the social commentary drew away from the movie'
I was proud of my people
as a black
but it was more than that
The sister was a tilter none could deny
yeah
no
eggcellent gameplay
alright only fake nibbas
?
anyone trynna play heroes of the storm
Brockhampton's Saturation 3 is a modern masterpiece that warps the conventions of modern hip-hop and challenges mainstream styles. With its usage of unique beats and social commentary on the plight of negroes in America it delivers insightful revelations and entertaining sounds with uncompromising verve. Kevin Abstract leads the charge on this installment with his clean and direct lyrics, with Merlyn bringing up the rear with his perspective on social expectations and dealing with them while achieving dreams.
I'm about to beat those cheeks
digbo
WE DONT LISTEN TO ANY MUSIC OTHER THAN BROCKHAMPTON
THIS IS THE CHURCH OF BORCKHAMPTON
no, all the me in this one
the multiple versions of me
The plural me
Me
We would be honored if you would join us
you know its your destiny
Cmon milo
Milo's givin in
I know you wanna grind out that dotes
memelo get on here
I don't see any of you on
I'm on dota
Alright, lets play dota guys
DOTA 2 BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
no league
u right
But its EAZE clap
its a jam
why not digbus
not the cuckeroni
be the cucker
you know
I hear that's pretty fun
we should go cuck someone
you know what we should do?
Digbo
Like, they were just so awkwardly placed throughout the movie
they literally made a "what are those" joke
like some of the jokes were garbage and outdated
this was being absolutely serious
See, but jumanji wasn't being serious
But it wasn't terrible
Like some stuff made me hardcore cringe
Its pretty ok
Have you guys seen Black Panther?
because if so, could we do it earlier in the day?
wait, are we doing the campaign sunday?
does it have loot boxes?
CHINESE
chinseses
who aren't chinses
and appeals to a wider audience
Fortnite is a superior game
sure thing, big guy
vroooooo....hahah
NEW DOTA 2 PATCH BABY
words aren't needed
don't say anymore digbo
shhhh
know
I now
Just know
no reason
its a tilter
Skype doesn't have a clap emote guys
more importantly
EAZE clap
(porgsurprised)
(kyloren)
O B G I D
L L E W  D E K C U C
well played
But well played digbo
Y I K E S
circle jerks all-round
oh bless up
know*
that I now
just gotta let diego know
oh its nothing
That is all
Diego you're a fucking savage
(think)
(think)
(think)
(think)
the best hero from league of legends?
braum iceshield?
oh very nice
pie
its the pit
I like it
shall anyone be joining us?
no real negusi it seems
team therse nts shahsha
creator*
I like their tyler the createresque aesthetic
They're not pretentious, their fans are
Parsa, are you a fan of Bazzi?
you get to say you listen to broS L A Mton and let everyone know you like certain sounds
that's why they're so good
Exactly
well played
bless up
but its all the kids listen to these days
I haven't listened to any Bro hampton
SATURATION III BABY
I'm schleeped
Goodnight
I remembered it was one of the two
ye
and listen to it
I mean, if you're judging it from the songs I posted, just go and find the entire album
dam[B]
cmonbruh
OST
this is another song from the OSt
I didn't think I'd like it, but I was surprised because they actually didn't go as hard on the rap to other genre ratio I thought they would
Like one song was an interlude and it was this kind of techno afro pop thing
listening to the entire soundtrack is pretty good, because it gives you a range of styles not just rap
that one was like one of the few rap songs
that's why I liked it
rap
Its actually not all ra
Yeah, it surprised me a bit
sensibilities*
and spoke to my African sensibilites
it was varied
I actually liked the Black Panther Soundtrack
[8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [8:22:33 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: Towards the end of a long philosophical debate: 
OB:“It’s over Anakin, I have the moral high ground!”
A:“You underestimate my subjectivist views on morality!”
OB: “Don’t try and turn away from your own instinctual connection to the moral absolutes.”
“You were the chosen one. You were supposed to destroy the egoists, not join them! You were supposed to bring balance to morality, not leave it in chaos!”
A: “I hate moral truths”
OB: “You were a scholar, Anakin! I respected your educated opinion as a professional.”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
ill join
You guys excited for the new han solo movie?
Supposedly, the majority of conversations the Coens had with Jeff Bridges during the making of The Big Lebowski was whether or not The Dude had gotten high before the scene, and that’s pretty much it.
And the newer game can't be considered better than the older game because its not contemporary to the older game
Right, but what I'm saying is, its stupid to say a newer game is better than an older game because that older game was cutting edge for that time.
Because I thought about it
Is it fair to compare older games to newer games?
Guys
I Am Black
we blacks need a sound to call our own
I identify with this sound
as a black
18 seconds in and theres already a strong afro-beat influence here
oh B E R R Y diverse
in the types of black people it has
I heard the cast is incredibly diverse
the movie?
I NEED ALL MY BITCHES THIS NEW SHIT YOU PUT OUT IS WHACK
I NEED ALL MY BITCHES
DAN SCHNEIDER
MY DICK
bless up
You subhuman baboon. You literal nigger.

How dare you speak, you swarthy jungle monkey. How dare you open your big lipped, rim encrusted, menthol cigarette smelling mouth?

You are human trash, Diego Tyrone LeShawn de Maradona. Universally despised, derided and mocked. Your nationality and skin tone offers no hope to the world that South America can ever prosper. Crawl back in to the Brazilian jungle you came out of, you literal orangutan.

I hope you decide to sail your grandfathers skip to the Falklands and rape some sheep, as is in the negroes nature. It would still be the whitest pussy you ever had. Give Nigel and Robert a chance for some target practice, your sole use to the world. Argentinians obsession with a few windswept islands in the Atlantic is hilarious but sad. Coincidentally its the only worthwhile contribution Argentina has made to the medical field. The MUH LAS MALVINAS sentiment in the average negro Argentinian is both an early warning sign of autism in children, and early on set Alzheimer's in adults.

Take your black hairy fingers off your keyboard, and never talk about the human species again, you mockery of our supposed shared ancestor.. No amount of olive oil and wheat flour slabbed on your face every morning will make you white. It's about as delusional of an idea as your daydreams of European heritage.

You nigger.

You make Bolivia look like a beacon of civilisation.

You are the Baltimore of South America.

Go fertilise the pampas with you and your families corpses, its the best you can hope for in life. For the first time in your life, nigger, you have a job making food for beings vastly superior to yourself. Uruguayan cattle. Coincidentally, it would be the first time an Argentinian "man" provided for a family.

Die, Diego. No one would miss you. Except for Australian Aboriginals, who now would have no one to make them look good.
smacks lips profusely

SO HOL UP HOL UP

steals

SO U BE SAYIN

gets jiggy wit it

SO HOL UP U BE SAYIN

eats a skittle

AYYYOOOO SO U BE SAYIN

checks for nearest KFC

U BE SAYIN

collects welfare

HOL UP HOL UP

licks teeth then smacks lips

AYYOO U BE SAYIN

does the crip walk

SO U BE SAYIN

opens up a 40 and pours some for his homies trayvon and michael brown

HOL UP SO U BE SAYIN

tweets about dis and goes to check in with his parole officer

WE WUZ

dindu nuffins

FINNA WE WUZ

sucks air through teeth

AYYYOOO HOL UP WE WUZ

pulls up sagging pants

SO WE WUZ

instinctively looks around for the police

SO U SAYIN WE WUZ

faints and then gets up repeatedly

SOM FINNA

scopes dem titties

SO WE WUZ

shouts at movie theater screen

SOM FINNA

chucks spear

AYYOOO SOM FINNA

sets down cotton bale

HOL UP

strokes welfare check pensively

WE WUZ

throws up gang sign

SOM FINNA

swings from basket ball hoop

WE WUZ

grabs dick and shuffles left and right

SOM FINNA

participates in drive by shooting

HOL UP MUH NIGGUH

converts to islam

U SAYIN WE WUZ

repeated world star yelling in background

SOM FINNA

sells crack

KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINGZ N SHEEEEEEEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT evolves from primate﻿
its a classic
Campaign when?
Memelo
yeh
The Blade of Galadriel story expansion is pretty good
I beat on my dick like a trumpet
M Y  R E S O L V E   H A S  N E V E R   B E E N  S T R O N G E R
IMAGINE HOW HE FEELS DGIBOD
after devoting all his time to raising all 8 of his children who are also older than him
hearing his own children tell him he's absurd
Imagine his poor heart
And tell him he's absurd
And you just take a shit in his shoes
He comes home everyday, hoping to see his children
He works hard
why would you put a man with 8 children down like that?
Digbo
A U T I S T I C   G A Y   L O V  E
I inject absurdity into daivd ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I prefer giga nigga X
where my ranked partner at
Negroes get Oriental
faek juul r reel juul
I think Campbell was largely correct in that there are underlying universal themes that transcend cultural boundaries
Georgie boy strikes again
“In the three decades since I discovered The Hero with a Thousand Faces, it has continued to fascinate and inspire me. Joseph Campbell peers through centuries and shows us that we are all connected by a basic need to hear stories and understand ourselves. As a book, it is wonderful to read; as illumination into the human condition, it is a revelation.”
— George Lucas
kappa
I'm not trollin David, I'm just speaking the #sponsored truth
Culture 2 is the synthesis of years of work and effort on the part of the Atlanta-based rap trio, Migos, to deliver a product that far exceeds the expectations of fans and Critics alike. In keeping with this idea, Migos has crafted an 106 minute album that subverts expectations and deviates from the established formula for mainstream rap. Their use of cerebral vocabulary and evocative imagery combine to give listeners an experience unlike any other. The use of creative word play and unorthodox instrumentals works together to cement their position as the "shapers of the culture". Their understated personalities and shy charm sets them apart from their contemporaries as does their innovative style. Culture 2 explores new topics like how much wealth they have accrued from their careers and the lavish lifestyles they live due to that; in addition to their sale of cocaine to build a capital base to allow them to launch their rap careers. All in all, the album is a smash hit and deserves to be quintuple platinum a million times over.
Culture 2 is better than Culture
Woo, woo, woo, woo
Woo, woo, woo, woo


Dance with my dogs in the nighttime (wroof)
Trap nigga with the chickens like Popeye's (Popeye's)
Money changin' colors like tie-dye (tie-dye)
I'm just tryna get it, I ain't tryna die (no)
She got a big ol' onion booty, make the world cry (cry)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
Hold them bands down (hey), hold your mans down (hey)
Who told you come around? (Who?), this that trap sound (trap)
Designer, clothes (clothes), fashion, shows (shows)
Trap, house (house), made of, gold (gold)
Control the bag now (control it) no need to brag now (no need)
Ayy, put the mask down (mask), we livin' fast now (fast)
Finest, hoes (finest), wrist, froze (hoes)
We can, go (we can), coast to, coast (coast)


Keep watchin' me whip up
Still be real and famouuuuus, yeah
Dance with my dogs in the nighttime (woo, woo, woo, wroof)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)


Offset!
Gon' whip it, intermission, let the birds fly (brrr)
I get money, tunnel vision through my third eye (money)
In that skillet, watch me flip it like it's Five Guys (flip it)
Look at my pilgrim, check out the ceilin', look at the blue sky (skrrt)
Icy Patek, check, yeah, boogers, they sit on my neck (ice)
I don't regret shit, yeah, I'm paid and I don't got a debt (hah)
You crawl 'fore you walk, you can ball every week
For my dogs 'hind the wall, we gon' ball when you free (ball)
Stop watchin' me, democracy, you wanna copy me (you watchin')
Life's Monopoly, go cop me some land and some property (property)
AP, Rolls (Rolls), pink diamonds, whoa (whoa)
Whip up the soda, diamonds off the Royce (hey)


Keep watchin' me whip up
Still be real and famouuuuus, yeah
Dance with my dogs in the nighttime (wroof)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (wroof)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)


In the kitchen, curry chicken, call it stir fry
Takeoff, I'm the bird keeper, let the birds fly
Why you tryna take my prize? You a dead guy
Of course, I gotta keep a watch out through my bird eye
No casket, drop dead fresh and I got dead guys
Don't discriminate, ball players come in all sizes
Finger roll, post move or the pick and roll
They mad the way we win, they think we used a cheat code
Why you keep lookin' at me?
I feel like niggas got static
It must be the Patek
Pockets blue cheese, I'm in the kitchen


In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
Keep watchin' me whip up
Still be real and famouuuuus, yeah
Dance with my dogs in the nighttime (wroof)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (whip it)
In the kitchen, wrist twistin' like it's stir fry (wroof)
I been had them, cause my sister already grinded out all the rep
trolling
Swain Pogchampu!?!?!??!?!!?!??!?!
Sea of Theives lookin pretty llit
Not gonna lie guys
play these nuts?
Y I  K E S
alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?
alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?alex?
[7:12:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:12:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:12:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:12:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:12:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:12:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:12:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:12:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:12:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:12:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:12:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER
NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER
[7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; [7:09:59 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: can a nigger get a TEMA

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
Edited previous message: 
O O F
YeH
and he's probably right
Because that's what the melon said
I was wondering if you were referring to TheNeedleDrop
Have you dropped your critique of it yet on youtube?
But that's what peak performance from a woman looks like
You may not like it
B E R R Y ideal
Oh very alpha
I beat on my dick like a glockenspiel
I beat on my dick like a spoon
it has big gay
yeah
quiz can suck it
A regular Plumbus With a story-bending arc, and a history, rich in backstory.
we'll have to conduct more research on this
interesting
Feast your eyes on this one
In the Andromeda galaxy
live on digbo's dicsord
Watch these nuts
hahah.....
vroooooo
koksal baba is a treasure
2015 doom?
I mean same
alright guys, when are we all free for Memelo's campaign extravaganza
He waddled into the room, "do you kno we dey" he said. The terrified student's faces slowly turned to confusion and curiosity, everyone in the library looked at each other. Their minds were racing, until they were slightly calmed by focusing on a girl who had crawled out from her hiding spot and was standing in front of Knuckles. Sweat was rolling from her forehead, but she finally spoke after what seemed like a few minutes- "teach me your ways" she said. Knuckles gazed at her with squinty eyes, after clicking his tongue and summoning the rest of his tribe, they all roared "TE QUEEN" proclaiming the student as their new queen.

The girl was shocked, but she slowly realized what had happened, for she knew of the way her whole life. The library was silent, she could hear the other student's breathing. She looked at the a pair of students under the table opposite of where she was originally hiding, they had bullied her her entire life. The cubicles near the table had other students, all of which who riots in streets naked with megaphones screaming nonsense. She peered back behind her to her new tribe, and with a devilish grin, uttered something to them.

The Knuckles tribe waddled over to the students who were staring wide-eyed and breathing heavily, some of which were starting to cry. "You do not kno de wey" the Knuckles tribe said in unison to the trembling students, and proceeded to violently spit on them with their acidic spit. After what seemed like ages, nothing remained of the students but tattered clothes, melted flesh, and silicon. The girl strutted over to the piles and ransacked for anything she could find, as if looking for something.

After checking the piles she frowned, "it's not here" she muttered. "Tribe, I have one last job for you" she said, the bruddas head's peeked into her direction and listened with the utmost care. After biting her lip and lifting herself off the ground, she said to the tribe "search the rest of the library and classrooms, show anybody you come across de wey." With a snap of her fingers, the tribes waddled quickly and scattered in all directions. She closed her eyes and heard the screams of others and the clicking and spitting sounds of her tribe, she smiled.﻿
those nuts demand team?
just watch out
but vaportree is also sus
I got schlonged by that too
yeee
scarra is a boosted monkey though
It true
rift
I love beyond the ridt
jk
cough Beyond the Rift cough
and the patch notes
Oh, I thought it was gonna be about washed up pro-league players talking about their glory days
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
I hope it died
If you have skype on your phone
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; v
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 

[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
v
v
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 

[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 

[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
v[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
cuul cucumber
[5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:49:43 PM] Miles O'Brien: cuul cucumber

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
cuul cucumber
get cuul cucumber
Join the Juul Fools
He's paying respects you baboon
"Don't be a fucking loser" - Imaqtpie 2018
I wish I was
first
let me complete something fiest
That triggered the Vietnam flashbacks I don't have
corridor creep these juul nuts haHAA
then take the fattest hit in the universe
and then make a matching juul of the same size
turn the entire planet into a juul pod
Alright, lets percolate this
and open your mouth and light up
drink it
Buy a half gallon of gasoline
Go to the pump
Go to the gastation
Eat them
You buy $900 worth of juul pods
Ok ok, I see it, but stick this in your pipe and smoke it
and inhale the fumes
and then light it on fire
put in $450 worth of juul pods into it
you take an actual bowl
Try this on for size
and take the fattest rip
then you put them into the bowl
then you take 6 juuls
You take a bong
I got a better idea
yeh
Koreans enjoying grilled meat and alcohol in the 18th century
alright kneegro
Just looking at his face gave me that MMM to get it poppin
I really want to play a game of league with Dualtwin now
YeH
"That's racist"
unto which Dualtwin replied
"thou art a super negro"
And sayeth him unto Dualtwin
Its just like the parable of Memelo the Dank
I was thinking it was Juul pods with the essence of Dualtwin instead of nicotine
Lets begin by first defining what is a JuulDual pod is
EGGcellent
ULU
&lt;3
OF MY CAR
GET OUT
that one is an eggcellent one
He knew all about the plot before even reading the script
Alex jones should have been allowed to do the voiceover for Doom
be he mention in the originals
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 

[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
v
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
v
v
v
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
v
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:02:29 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 4

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
if you are a real nibba
there is team
ulu
did memelo die?
ur not memelo
when is campaign?
Memelo
oh eggcellent
ye
also, I finished my bio if anyone wants to read it
oh blessing that boy danech
In his pride, he went to China to receive penis enlargement surgery on his already prodigious phallus. The surgeon, so taken a back by his manhood, made an incision that was too large and subsequently ended his patients existence. Ironic, he could instill fear into all who saw his pork sword, even when he least need to.
That he could make any woman he saw become immediately afraid of the his enormous dongus.
MudBone was a pornstar so wise and powerful in the ways of the schlong
Have I ever told you the tragedy of OG MudBone the Hung?
BLICKY GOT DA STIFFY UH
 BiBBAs iffy UH
I hope mark like vaping through bongs as much as we do
I'm sorry
I only love my bed and my momma,
I tell her, "Only partly"
She say, "Do you love me?"
from the tube of you
a comment
8. The First Order are terrible villains, like absoloutely hilariously bad, they are bumblingly incompetent to the point where I have to ask how they even got past the starting line. Yes the Empire could be hilariously incompetent but they felt like a genuine threat. Darth Vader got shit done, the Emperor got shit done, and Grand Moff Tarkin had a genuine commanding presence and aura of authority to him. With the First Order, Hux is a fucking joke and while I like Kylo alot, he is not going to be able to function as a main villain, he can't lead an army and he's a shitty and inept leader, I think that's part of why he's as good as he is as a character, but as a main villain and a threat to the protaganists? No. The only two people in the First Order who felt threatening in the slightest were Snoke and Phasma, and they are both killed off hilariously easily. All we have left now is Hux and Kylo, both of whom are terrible leaders. 

9. The Resistance are terrible good guys. The entire movie just felt like the Resistance and the First Order attempting to out-stupid each other, one military blunder after another. The only reason Holdo's plan failed was because she didn't tell Poe, if she did, DJ wouldn't have been on the Supremacy to tell the FO about the shuttles. Poe wasn't a mook either, he was fairly high ranked, and considering he managed to convince the others to mutiny he had a fairly high standing in the Resistance. Also they were going faster than the pursuing fleet, couldn't they just send some ships out to go get more fuel and just keep outrunning the star destroyers until they're too far away to track and then just jump away? That would've saved the fleet or at the very least the Raddus itself. Over the course of the film Holdo's ineptitude causes the entire Resistance to be killed off. Also the bombers in the opening are absoloute trash, a squadron of Y-Wings or B-Wings could've done the exact same thing much easier. 
and finally, probably the most important point... 

10. I have zero interest in what happens in the next movie now. The First Order are led by morons, the Resistance is practically wiped out, Quite frankly the galaxy is fucked. Rey knows jackshit about the Jedi, there's no way she can rebuild the order. She's going to make all of the exact same mistakes Luke did. Kylo and Hux are idiots. There's no way they're going to be able to maintain control over an army like that. We've essentially just got a worse version of the Original Trilogy now, only the Empire idiots and the Rebels have little more than the dirt under their boots. I don't envy JJ Abrams right now, no matter how hard he tries to fix this, there is no way he's going to be able to salvage this trainwreck. Episode 9 is going to be a dumpster fire, the whole movie is going to collapse under it's own weight, it might even take the entire franchise down with it. Mark my words, The Last Jedi may have some serious issues, but it will practically be a masterpiece compared to Episode 9. 

I know this was long, but that's my two cents on the matter. 

IHE, on the miniscule chance you actually see this, you're still one of my favourite youtubers, and yes, it is fucking stupid to insult other people over a fucking movie, no hard feelings, I just needed to get my thoughts on the matter out into the open.﻿
4. The worldbuilding is terrible, and as someone who really appreciates good worldbuilding this absoloutely guts me and the lack of internal consistency makes it hard for me to get invested in the story, this isn't really a Rian Johnson problem TFA had this issue as well (though to be fair it wasn't as bad). In TFA it's established that the First Order is a small but fanatical and extremely dedicated remnant of the Empire that was destroyed in ROTJ, the vast majority of the galaxy is under the governance of the New Republic with the FO as a fringe group of extremist insurgents, led by a mysterious new dark side user only known as Snoke, meanwhile the NR doesn't take the threat seriously so Leia leads here own strike force known as "The Resistance" to take the fight to them. Sounds like a great setup doesn't it? What do they with this? In TFA, the First Order somehow manage to pull ANOTHER even BIGGER death star out of their asses and then blast the NR's capital planet to pieces. Ignoring the question of how they managed to make a weapon that big or that powerful, it then gets destroyed comically easily by a tiny fleet. Naturally one would assume that this would be a Pearl Harbour or even 9/11 style event to the New Republic, where they become well too aware of the threat and public outcry moves the New Republic to retaliate with full force. Going into this film I wanted to see the full scale war between the New Republic (spearheaded by Leia's Resistance) and the First Order. I go into the movie expecting a conflict grander and bigger in scale than the war in the OT and what do I get? The first line of the movie is "THE FIRST ORDER REIGNS", apparently in the 5 or so minutes between the two movies the First Order managed to take over the entire galaxy without a fight. What? WHAT!??!?!? You're seriously telling me that everyone just kinda said "yeah ok welcome back Empire", yes the NR's capital is destroyed but there were plenty of extremely wealthy and powerful planets that could easily hold their own and maybe even form a coalition against the FO. Instead the slate has been wiped clean for another boring-ass small band of Rebels vs big evil Empire storyline, which was already perfected in the OT, this is literally going around in circles. Oh also they have an even bigger Super Star Destroyer just to add insult to injury. 

5. There's no focus for the trilogy. It's come out now that nobody ever had an idea for where to take this trilogy from the start, in fact Rian Johnson hadn't even seen TFA until AFTER he started writing TLJ, there's no coherent vision, even in the Prequels George knew where he wanted to take the story from the start. Everyone involved in this trilogy, Rian Johnson, JJ Abrams and some people from Lucasfilm should've sat down and decided at the start "Oke doke, here's what we're gonna do, characters start at X and they end at Y, the journey from X to Y is very flexible and you can do whatever you want for the next 3 movies, but we need to get them to THIS end-point". As it stands, there is a TON of dropped plot points and disconnects between the two movies, at the very least RJ should've at least kept Abrams around to just advise on this and that. There's quite a few examples of this, but my personal favourite is why did Luke leave the map if he didn't want to be found? Also the Knights of Ren were teased in EP. VIII but they just don't show up in this. This is also Abram's fault as well though, in fact it's pretty much the entirety of Lucasfilm's fault altogether, the Lucasfilm story group was set up to make sure all new star wars content was consistent, and they've failed utterly at that. I think RJ actually did a fairly ok job with what he was given, and I do not envy JJ's task of cleaing up this massive fucking mess in Episode 9. You could say that they're paying the price for their lack of vision. 

6. It renders the OT completely moot and pointless. Luke becomes an asshole and Han and Leia divorce, oh and then Han dies. The New Republic they helped build is destroyed in one hit and now the First Order rules everything again. Oh and if Rey attempts to rebuild the Jedi she is doomed to fail, if Luke fucking Skywalker couldn't do it then there is no way she can. The New Republic that the OT crew fought so hard to restore was a bureacratic shit-show (in the books this is shown in detail that it's a corrupt failing mess) that was annihilated in one shot, the Rebellion is now a dozen people and the Millennium Falcon, I would say we've gone right back to A New Hope, but even in A New Hope the Rebels had more people and ships and there were more Jedi alive. 

7. I still think Mark Hamill hates this movie, yeah he took it back but I think he really just didn't want to fuel a giant hate mob forming against the movie. If you look at the way he talks in interviews it's very clear he's obviously disappointed with the way things have turned out, the way his demeanor just sinks whenever he talks about it is honestly really depressing. Obviously I can't tell what's going through his head, but personally there's alot more evidence one way than the other.
Disclaimer: I don't have anything against IHE, he's still one of my favourite youtubers, he's very polite and well spoken for a guy called I Hate Everything, i'm just throwing my two cents in here tbh. 

I absoloutely despised TLJ, no hard feelings or anger really, but I wanted to explain my point of view and why I think it's just kind of a trainwreck: 

1. I actually agree with alot of the defenses here, the soundtrack and performances were great, and in fact this is probably the best looking star wars film. I just think there's alot more wrong with the movie. The usage of the force doesn't bother me either, Luke's projection ability is relatively tame compared to some of the batshit insane crap that's being pulled in the expanded universe (there's an old comic where Palpatine uses the force to open a fucking wormhole and another sith lord Naga Sadow causes a sun to fucking supernova using the force, and don't get me started on Darth Nihilus the one-man-planet-killer). As for Kylo he's honestly the only character I give a shit about anymore, the scenes where he's talking with Rey are some of the best in the movie. I did not go into this film wanting to hate it, I don't go into films wanting to hate them, if I don't think i'm going to get any enjoyment out of them I don't watch them. Also the Throne room scene is absoloutely brilliant, it's the best scene in the whole movie. I hated the Battle of Crait, but that's only because of how much better the Throne Room was in comparison. 

2. When it comes to the physics, it's not the fact that it's unrealistic that bugs me, it's that it's not internally consistent. Internal consistency is, IMO, far more important than realism in alot of cases when it comes to worldbuilding, I don't care if their's sound in space as long as there is always sound in space for example. The problem with TLJ's physics isn't that they're unrealistic, it's that they go against previously established in-universe logic. The bombers in the opening aren't bad because they're unrealistic, they're bad because in the OT the rebels had far better bombers (Y-Wings and B-Wings, even Rogue One got this right) that could do the exact same job much better than these newer ones, the film isn't bad because it defies real life logic, it's bad because it defies previously established star wars logic, it's the same with the stupid chase between the fleets, we've seen cannons able to fire at much further distances before, plus the First Order must have HUNDREDS of fighters on board that fleet, if they deployed all of them the Resistance ship would be annihilated in a matter of minutes. It'd be like if they made a Lord of the Rings movie where someone breaks the one ring with their bare hands. 

3. Luke, I hated what they did to Luke. It's not the fact that he failed at rebuilding the order, it's not even the fact that he tried to kill Kylo Ren, it's the fact that he ran away like a little bitch without even warning anyone that Kylo, an extremely powerful dark side user. was on the loose. I actually really like the idea of Luke getting overconfident and fucking up in a huge way like that, and then having to come to terms with that. It is perfectly in character for Luke to make a stupid impulsive fuck-up in a panic like that, but it's also in his character to do everything that he could to fix it, to atone for his mistakes and deal with the monster he created. Luke didn't learn from his failure, he didn't even try to do anything to fix it, he ran away and hid like a little bitch, and the only reason he did that was because the script needed him to so Rey could show up and fix everything years later. Luke's arc isn't one of learning from his failure, if it was he would've picked himself up much sooner and confronted Kylo/Ben, but he doesn't do that, he sits around, does nothing and then Rey comes along later and basically just fixes everything for him.
I'm ready for the hot spicy memes to flow forth
but I'm ready for my chad swain vs virgin rakan
its unfort
yeh
Now I'm just waitin on that Varus re-work &gt;.&gt;
U N L I M I T E D  P O W  E R
and then typing in all chat
i mean, imagine killing someone with a Q
I gotta play him
he shoots force lightning
omfg
NEW SWAIN MAIN
Only a Sith deals in absolutes
turns to camera oh shit
Jolly Cooperation
UlU
anotha mastapeece from sseth
Its eggcellent
Yeah
its true
HAA
ha
memed into oblivion
Jesus
[1/17/2018 10:42:50 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [Wednesday, January 17, 2018 11:24 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I hear the drums echoing tonight
But she hears only whispers of some quiet conversation
She's coming in, 12:30 flight
The moonlit wings reflect the stars that guide me towards salvation
I stopped an old man along the way
Hoping to find some long forgotten words or ancient melodies
He turned to me as if to say, "Hurry boy, it's waiting there for you"
It's gonna take a lot to take me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
Gonna take some time to do the things we never had
The wild dogs cry out in the night
As they grow restless, longing for some solitary company
I know that I must do what's right
As sure as Kilimanjaro rises like Olympus above the Serengeti
I seek to cure what's deep inside, frightened of this thing that I've become
It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
Gonna take some time to do the things we never had
Hurry boy, she's waiting there for you
It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
I bless the rains down in Africa
(I bless the rain)
I bless the rains down in Africa
(I bless the rain)
I bless the rains down in Africa
I bless the rains down in Africa
(Ah, gonna take the time)
Gonna take some time to do the things we never hadMichael Bateman-Shirley, Yesterday 11:24 AM[Wednesday, January 17, 2018 11:24 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I hear the drums echoing tonight
But she hears only whispers of some quiet conversation
She's coming in, 12:30 flight
The moonlit wings reflect the stars that guide me towards salvation
I stopped an old man along the way
Hoping to find some long forgotten words or ancient melodies
He turned to me as if to say, "Hurry boy, it's waiting there for you"
It's gonna take a lot to take me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
Gonna take some time to do the things we never had
The wild dogs cry out in the night
As they grow restless, longing for some solitary company
I know that I must do what's right
As sure as Kilimanjaro rises like Olympus above the Serengeti
I seek to cure what's deep inside, frightened of this thing that I've become
It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
Gonna take some time to do the things we never had
Hurry boy, she's waiting there for you
It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
I bless the rains down in Africa
(I bless the rain)
I bless the rains down in Africa
(I bless the rain)
I bless the rains down in Africa
I bless the rains down in Africa
(Ah, gonna take the time)
Gonna take some time to do the things we never hadMichael Bateman-Shirley, Yesterday 11:24 AM[Wednesday, January 17, 2018 11:24 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I hear the drums echoing tonight
But she hears only whispers of some quiet conversation
She's coming in, 12:30 flight
The moonlit wings reflect the stars that guide me towards salvation
I stopped an old man along the way
Hoping to find some long forgotten words or ancient melodies
He turned to me as if to say, "Hurry boy, it's waiting there for you"
It's gonna take a lot to take me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
Gonna take some time to do the things we never had
The wild dogs cry out in the night
As they grow restless, longing for some solitary company
I know that I must do what's right
As sure as Kilimanjaro rises like Olympus above the Serengeti
I seek to cure what's deep inside, frightened of this thing that I've become
It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
Gonna take some time to do the things we never had
Hurry boy, she's waiting there for you
It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
I bless the rains down in Africa
(I bless the rain)
I bless the rains down in Africa
(I bless the rain)
I bless the rains down in Africa
I bless the rains down in Africa
(Ah, gonna take the time)
Gonna take some time to do the things we never hadMichael Bateman-Shirley, Yesterday 11:24 AM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
ghey
I mean same
it could burn a hole through a goddam steel beam
father ripping, that puss is like fucking uranium then
oh lmao
did she?
let thy self not be lost in the sauce
thots need to be dealt with caution and careful consideration of the amount of guys she let smash raw
thots are tricky
krappa
If she breathes
O O F
basically the same thing
slave
I beat on my dick like a
All wemen r kweens
haHAA
I'm a werewolf
but at heart
I may be vampire
but milo is right
its a mod
well a vampire and a werewolf cus I'm edgy like that xd
But I cant have these dirty vampire plebs ruining it for the rest of us
I'm a vampire too
the best part is
feelsgoodman
so they cant spread the vampirism
and kill them
so you run them down
and you don't have any Cure Disease potions
when a hunter comes up to you in Skyrim and tells you they've been bitten by a vampire
that feel
man
ur livin in the past, old amn
I been had that one an hour ago
they're
or they should suck my dick
I tell them their boosted
I always communicate with my team
I gotta beat Admiral BullDog atleast then
O O F
PepeHands
not yet almost
just need some polish ;)
I'm a diamond in the rough
 yeah
 H A L T E D
B R A I N  F U N C T I O N
unlcuky
O O F
D E C E A S E D
[B]I[B][B]A
THERES NO NEED FOR THAT
I need to be able to own land and businesses
I already have mods that make it much easier to get gold, so that's not the problem
not even close
that's not nearly jewish enough
I gotta get my shekels
That feel when you get the sudden, intense need to be jewish so you install a bunch of banking and landowning business mods for Skyrim
father ripping
lol same
I was afk
any real [B]I[B][B]as?
put the ra ra in
ra ra in
BY THE POWER INVESTED IN ME; tEEM I CALl UpON TheE
I sleep
kappa
Leaked campaign?
I came strapped with the heater
If only you knew the power of the memeside
Its like post-ironic meme shitposting
Where are you getting these shitposts?
i beat on my dick like a harpsichord
You underestimate my power
They're dumber than the dirt they sleep in if they think putting my tide pods into the cupboard above the stove is gonna keep me away from those FAT, JUICY, washing raviolis
to quote Reinhardt, "I must answer the call, always"
haHAA
I beat on my dick like a banjo
I like to think of it being more like acting like a caveman
noice
A type of sexual kink or deviancy which involves becoming animalistic during sex. Can include scratching, biting, general brute force, and animal-type noises like howling, snarling, growling, etc. The dominants in this kink community are sometimes referred to as primal hunters and the subs are primal prey.
Yeah, I still don't know exactly what it means
[B]rimal [B]unter
and remembered the test
I found this
[B]I[B][B]A
nibba
to all the nibbas in the chat with style and grace
Eggcellent
If you strike me down I will have more high ground than you can possibly imagine
I have the high ground
nibbas
a shout out to all my nibas
yeh
eyh
Lul my scrubscribed to tyler1 dick
 O O F
He's black?
I do
I do David
the part where you eat Pokimane's ass
yeah
The meta shifts once again and who sits on top of the mountain other than the King of Games himself, Imaqtpie. If you want to stay ahead of the rest of the PLEBS who aren't up to date with the latest meta shifts and trends, wait no longer, your messiah is here.
my favorite part isn't there
But david
We all have
We all have
kappa
all of them
riot is going back on their decision
Eggcellent
fake news
O OF
That was some premium cancer right there
Very accurate
Cmonbruh
Any real ni[B][B]as?
There are no real nibbas in the building
correct answer
any real nibbas?
you right, you right
Have a nice day
Understandable
You're wrong
You're wrong digbo
No
Youre not wrong
I main corki because I identify as an Apache helicopter. Playing corki makes me feel like I'm actually myself
Thanks rito﻿
cmonbruh
YeH
A blessing from the papa indeed
Micahel will be able to join humanity again on the 9th
Idi nahui
feelsbadman
Bat*
they named the Firebay Miles
Cpl. Miles "Blaze" Lewis has always been drawn to the flame, but it wasn't until he joined up with Raynor's Raiders that he put his pyromania to good use. He's seen his fair share of battles since then, and has never failed to bring the heat. Get all the necessary information plus some gameplay tips for our newest Warrior Hero, Blaze, in this spotlight video!
Happy B-Day, PJ Salt
any real [B]I[B][B]as?
That's an O O F'er
I did Mars, I did beat my dick like a trombone
I beat my dick till my legs went numb
phone skype these nuts LUL
I hope so
It late [B]avid
understandable
any real ni[B][B]as?
[B]ape Naysh y'all
this tism is strong
I N D E E D!
its true
downie*
Its pretty down
yeh
the most lit ting ive done so far, is shoot a gun at some cubes
those too
Gotta purge those furries and weeabos
You can choose a Crusader guy to be your avatar
They really know their audience
It'd be a bit of a mish to get one
idk*
dik
anyone trynna VRchat?
O N   P A T R O L
Vape Naysh yall
these nuts
Resting his sellout soul
BE GONE  T H O T
I beat on my dick like a French horn
krappa
Digbo
improve these nuts haHAA
thumbnail these nuts
each one was an O O F'er
ive seen it 3 times
yeh
^
loregasm?
I beat on my dick like a harmoinca
Get back to work
a true legend
rip
Father rup
that'll be a whuppin
M Y  F A  T H E R
W H O   T H  E  Y  A D D
oh helllllllllll yeah
I was hoping it'd be deathwing
ye
Its just a guy with a flamethrower
Firebat from StarCraft 2
everyone hyped for the new hero in HoTS?
I squeeze gats till my clips is empty.
haHAA
clearly a man of culture, and 200+ IQ
succ my team dicc
Have you felt it?
There's been an awakening in the lore
[B]I[B][B]a
Why are we still here? Just to suffer? 

Every night, I can feel my Original Trilogy...and my Lucas... even my Prequels. The perfect ending I've lost... the EU I've lost... won't stop hurting... It's like they're all still there. You feel it, too, don't you?

I'm gonna make them give back our past.﻿
monkaS
these nuts
uhhhhhh
you ni[B][B]as
alright
call upon team?
you dare?
eggcellent*
excellent
grandmaster piper haHAA
more like
grandmaster viper?
thank you
I beat on my cello like a dick
uuhhhhhhhh [B]oneless
That video actually does bring up a lot of things that bothered me about the movie
it was ok
jk
the last jedi was garbage
Digbo where is your DnD character?!?!?!!?!?
[B]oneless
DnD is happening tomorrow right?
[12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [12/15/2017 9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
incredible
ye
[9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; [9:24:12 PM] Miles O'Brien: i beat on my dick like a cello

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
i beat on my dick like a cello
I don't think they did that in star wars
mine is the one where they fight the bad guys
which star wars is your favorite?
any real nibbas?
any real nibbas?
any real bibbas?
Murda on the beat so it's not nice
For this life, I cannot change
Hidden Hills, deep off in the main
M&amp;M's, sweet like candy cane
Drop the top, pop it, let it bang (pop it, pop it)
For this life, I cannot change
Hidden Hills, deep off in the main
M&amp;M's, sweet like candy cane
Drop the top, pop it, let it bang (pop it, pop it)
Drop the top, play hide and seek
Jump inside, jump straight to the lake
Take a sip, feel just how I breathe
On freeway, but no, ain't nothin' free (straight up)
Bend laws, bend lanes
Been bustin' bills, but still ain't nothin' change
You in the mob soon as you rock the chain
She caught the waves just thumbin' through my braids (alright)
Heatin' up, baby, I'm just heatin' up (it's lit)
Fiji lover, now they need it is a must
Feelin' stuck, you know how to keep me up
Icy love, icy like a hockey puck
For this life, I cannot change
Hidden Hills, deep off in the main
M&amp;M's, sweet like candy cane
Drop the top, pop it, let it bang (Pop it, pop it)
For this life, I cannot change
Hidden Hills, deep off in the main
M&amp;M's, sweet like candy cane
Drop the top, pop it, let it bang
All the ones, all the chains piled on the mantle
All the dogs, all the dogs low creep right behind me in the Phantom
Never go, never go dip on the set, stayed Santana
Yeah, run it back, turn the lights on when I hit up Green Lantern
Yeah, fly the broads, fly the dogs down to Atlanta
Yeah, in the cut in Medusa, lay low I might be
Yeah, roll up, help me calm down when I move in high speed
Yeah, If I send one, need the text back 'cause you know what I need
Oh, please (oh please)
Oh me (oh me)
Oh my (oh my)
We been movin', we been movin' for some time (Alright!)
Flexin', flexin' try to exercise
(Exercise, exercise, exercise, exercise)
For this life, I cannot change
Hidden Hills, deep off in the main
M&amp;M's, sweet like candy cane
Drop the top, pop it, let it bang (Pop it, pop it)
For this life, I cannot change
Hidden Hills, deep off in the main
M&amp;M's, sweet like candy cane
Drop the top, pop it, let it bang
especially the way it kept the net neutral
me too
RIP Net Neutrality
also
Happy Holidays my dudes, wishing everyone a good in.
I need a thick nigga no HOMO﻿
I luv thicc anime toddies😩﻿
It’s officially thicc nigga season 😤﻿
SO LIT AND HE AINT EVEN TALKING BOUT SHIT🔥🔥🔥🔥﻿
This actually heat 😂😂😂👍🏾﻿
Please follow me on soundcloud
I beat on my dick like a cello
Jeff Kaplan is a beautiful man, who memes, and doesn't even mean to do it
no team?
team?
does the pope shits in the woods?
I beat on my dick like a cello
G E T G O O D I N﻿
that thumbnail should be more halal
BLCIKY GOT THE STIFFY UH
NIGGAS IFFY UH
and thus gave me PTSD
but when playing risen 3, the gameplay reminded me of gothic 2 gameplay from sseth's video
I thought it was a meme
Piranha Bytes has actually been making gothic 2 under various titles for the past 20 years
like me
blaq
blaw
that seems strange to have
damb
she had a husband?
wait
friccin oofed
O O F
B E R R Y cool
bonfire lit
that's pretty lit
O O F
naysh
more like vape nays
S U C C
y'all mind if I....
is the team present?
O O F me off the face of the earth
O O F
teem thes nuts haHHA
blessed be
haHAA
these nuts
WHATS WRONG WITH EATING ASS!?!?!!?!?!!?
and you would refuse it?
I'm giving you this gift
David, wtf
has your egirl pokimane grown tired of her daily ass-eating?
eggcellent
are you fisting yourself david?
where are the nibibas
nibbas
I mean same
fake
no
5460 MMR = Divine 3
I T S  A L L  G O O D  B A B Y  B A B Y
this is song is dedicated to all the people who'd call the POlice on me, while I was outside my apartment building trynna get enough money to feed my daughter
damb
I want to kill mysefl
but
 what does that even mean
it ended in like 20 min
it wasn't much of a fight
feelsbadman
when you get matched against a 3 star divine player in dota 2
that feel
this is a general chat-wide call for all real nibbas
O O F
I mean, its the jungle update thing
you guys like the new tf2 update?
so uh
B E R R Y good
 quality gameplay
it honestly just seems like pandering
how does him being gay contribute in any way to his development as a character or make him any different than to how he was before
but now hes gay and edgy
varus' story is revenge with a bow
that's a tilt and a half
AND THEY DIDNT EVEN REWORK HIM
I felt like his lore was fine, and then they utterly gutted it and made it infinitely more convoluted than it needed to be to get the point across
were incredibly uninspired
the varus lore rewrites
oh yeah
they practically say, it would be bad if they did something with those nukes
also, its retarded that there was an entire section of the U-boat they just found that happens to be massive and also have nukes
its acutally kind of tilting how squishy you are considering you are wearing power armor
yeeeeeeee
haven't
I really have got that far
im still in the U-boat at the very beginning
and remind them I'm a member of the merchants guild ✡️( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)✡️
ill find the head writer and send them an angry email
someone needs to pay for this
that is truly unforgiveable
well then
oh shit
him*
give hime a bigger dick?
I'm all about the memes
oh eggggggcellent
Nothing wrong with a bit of cucking
I like that part too
and can take out said anger by gunning down the Nazis who are only trying to make the world a better place for people who look like me
I mean, I can finally live out my fantasy of being a wheelchair ridden cripple with a gun now tho
meme*
issaspicymem
But I do like playing as a geriatric in a wheel chair with a gun
I have gotten that far
farmers
how is the nibba?
haHAA
phirrip
more like
it'll take approximately 5 metric giga-nigas worth of time
simply shall not do
this group name
any real cory's in the house?
any real nibbas?
Like it wasn't very satisfying
and they like tell all that with a cinematic and then just cut to him being freed and then say DLC LuL
well, the ending for talion was basically he becomes a ringwraith, but then gets freed when Frodo destroys the ring
but like, the ending was ok, they just like basically say at the end that the story is complete for talion but there will be 2 other dlc that continue the story
focus
but yeah, the story isn't the foucs
eggcellent dota 2 meme
the ending for Shadow of War was ok
you don't have to ask twice
you want to play dota 2?
whats that memelo?
because if you said yes i'd know you were lying
good
no?
????
any real nibbas/
seems good
so the titans used a giant tractor beam to reel in sargeras and put him back into time out in their fortress of ultracucks?
 I AINT PLAYIN WITH THESE NIGGES
S U C C
more like
League of Legends?
never llucky
I BEAT MY YEET LIKE IT OWES ME MONEY
O F F I C I A L  V I S U A L I Z E R
it will be gud
Its true
not yet
did you guys get the new wolfenstoon?
Everyday man's on the block
damB
rekt
Oh those neo-Nazi furries
B L A Q
greetings kneegrows
S U C C
Tfw you lose to a  homeless ape, a half health caster minion, a trailer announcer turned gamer, and two washed up cashiers﻿
S U C C
father blessing
Tea Eye Weiner
O O F
like they happened a lot and fucked a lot of things up
the technical issues were fairly egregious
I was trying to fuck with the back to the noose cucks
ye
ye
lel
thanks riot
alright
am I suppose to have gotten something on league from the tournament?
Gavinrad the Dire was my favorite
yeee
busy tearin it up
except for that he's retarded
I don't have much to say about that
it does a lot of damage
I mean same
quid est pedicar?
oh [B]ell [B]eah
real shit?
B E R R Y cool
B E R R Y nice
EGGcellent
don't you have sectionals to be sucking?
:D I am deceased brother
maet
Dam[B]
digbo when is the tournament?
: ^ (
S U C C
Wow Parsa, great moves! Keep it up
that's a beautiful video of a classic parsa
eggcellent
I sleep
real shit?
7 years then
any real nibbas?
I really wanted to buy ELEX until I saw Sseth's review for it
OsFrog giveth and Osfrog taketh
Praise GabeN
an eggcellent compilation of 7.07 memes
It really gets at the essence of Pokemon
I do like that Japanese woodblock print meme
don't let your memes be dreams
ask todd
kappa
#wokeuplikethis
the two people from riot act like autists
of kevin spacey
that's an eggcellent meme
succ my dik
because I purchased it
and that's fine by me
the game looks good, feels fine, and tastes great
restriction hot typically population substance frankly surround facilitate chest woman value.﻿
words cannot describe that video
O O F
its true
B E R R Y nice
yuh
ey
yuh
ey
ye
yuh
ey
yuh
ey
yuh
ey
yuh
ey
meet
had double the likes a comment from him had
comment from the review
^
insert joke about how damn also got a 7﻿
yeah, its just a meme that's on all his videos
wtf fantano
he gave it an 11/10, but he gave DAMN. a 7
now I gotta watch theneedledrop's review to see if my nibba Anthony fantano gave it a good score
not even close bby
until I saw issa
I didn't know who sung that
Yuh, ooh, brr, brr
Gucci gang, ooh (That's it right there Gnealz)
Yuh, Lil Pump, yuh
Gucci gang, ooh
Ooh, Bi-Big Head on the beat
Yuh, brr


Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang (Gucci gang)
Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang (Gucci gang)
Spend three racks on a new chain (yuh)
My bitch love do cocaine, ooh (ooh)
I fuck a bitch, I forgot her name (brr, yuh)
I can't buy a bitch no wedding ring (ooh)
Rather go and buy Balmains (brr)
Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang (Gucci gang)
Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang (Gucci gang), Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang (Gucci gang)
Spend three racks on a new chain (huh?)
My bih love do cocaine, ooh (brr)
I fuck a bitch, I forgot her name, yuh (yuh, yuh)
I can't buy no bitch no wedding ring, ooh (nope)
Rather go and buy Balmains, ayy (brr)
Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang (Gucci gang)


My lean cost more than your rent, ooh (it do)
Your momma still live in a tent, yuh (brr)
Still slangin' dope in the 'jects, huh? (yeah)
Me and my grandma take meds, ooh (huh?)
None of this shit be new to me (nope)
Fuckin' my teacher, call it tutory (yuh)
Bought some red bottoms, cost hella Gs (huh?)
Fuck your airline, fuck your company (fuck it!)
Bitch, your breath smell like some cigarettes (cigarettes)
I'd rather fuck a bitch from the projects (yuh)
They kicked me out the plane off a percocet (brr)
Now Lil Pump flyin' private jet (yuh)
Everybody scream, "Fuck WestJet" (fuck 'em)
Lil Pump still sell that meth (yuh)
Hunnid on my wrist, sippin' on Tech (brr)
Fuck a lil bitch, make her pussy wet (what?)


Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang (Gucci gang), Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang (Gucci gang)
Spend three racks on a new chain (huh?)
My bitch love do cocaine, ooh (yuh)
I fuck a bitch, I forgot her name (brr)
I can't buy a bitch no wedding ring (huh?)
Rather go and buy Balmains (yuh)
Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang (Gucci gang)
Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang
Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang (Gucci gang)
Spend three racks on a new chain (huh?)
My bitch love do cocaine, ooh (brr)
I fuck a bitch, I forgot her name, yuh (yuh)
I can't buy no bitch no wedding ring, ooh (nope)
Rather go and buy Balmains, ayy (huh?)
Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang (Gucci gang)


Lil Pump, yuh
Lil Pump, ooh
my favorite guy?
its that todd howard?
can I get a hell yea?
teem thes nuitssafgasdfasga
yeah, but they wont make another champion just to fill that role when they have ornn
Isnt ornn literally called the forgemaster?
I secretly write for rito
Riot looked at their wallet and said, "I can fit more money in here" and with a wave of their beJEWeled fingers, the project skins were born
oh I know the lore
these nuts haHAA
have you ever considered.....
digbo
B E R R Y nice
targon based on furries confirmed
ghey
they might be giants*
they could also be retarded
pangolier is actually really strong
but I'm playing my dotes
these nuts*
theres nuts
team these nuts
Almost as ridiculous as the new Mercedes Benz E-Class Sedan.
The most intelligent E-Class family of all time welcomes a powerful new member to the dynasty. The E400 Sedan model arrives this year, boasting a 3.0L V6 biturbo engine producing 329 hp and 354 lb-ft of torque — the same powertrain that currently drives its E400 Coupe, Cabriolet and 4MATIC Wagon cousins. Paired with the 9-G-TRONIC 9-Speed automatic transmission and DYNAMIC SELECT, it promises a bracingly smooth way to experience uncommon luxury.
Naturally, the 2018 E400 Sedan continues the tradition of E-Class brilliance. Harmonizing advanced automotive intelligence with awe-inspiring interior design, its first-class furnished cabin puts our advanced vehicle systems right at your fingertips — even as its world-class innovations continue to push the boundaries of what's possible in the world of automotive intelligence. "Car-to-X" Communication enables the E-Class to exchange information with similarly equipped vehicles — effectively allowing it to "see" around corners and through obstacles to detect potential hazards. Driver Assistance Systems — including Active Distance Assist DISTRONIC®, Active Steering Assist and Active Lane Change Assist — feature intelligent cruise control: They help keep you between the lines, and can even help you shift between them.
Inside, the E-Class cabin provides an environment of pure comfort and responsive technology. Flowing lines and vibrant screens provide a striking visual display, while touch controls, aromatherapy and tailored seats indulge all of your senses at once. It's a vehicle that demands to be driven, and more than lives up to the dream.
Look for the E400 4MATIC Sedan at your Mercedes-Benz dealership this winter, with an MSRP of $58,900.﻿
Waiting for Midas mode has been ridiculous.
like a big pizza pie
when the meme hits your eye
jungle wraith king is shit
atleast this means deathwing will be a thing at somepoint
well
The cross promotions of the nexus
O O F
I had to grind for this view
oh papa rip
oh what an eggcellent game of dotes
don't be mad, cause you're bad
papa rip
yeeeeeeeeeeeee
yeeeeeeeeee
the patch is actually out today boys
yung nigga
they never expected smart boy to use 10 bamboo hole
any real nibbas 4 heroes?
dat way
turbo these nuts
which is a shorter mode
called turbo
they actually have a new mode
they actually seem pretty balanced
I tried them out in test client
ye
ye
pudge can now pull runes pogchamp
and more talent tree changes papa bless
now heroes have special perks based on their primary attributes
but
they literally just removed it
poor man's shield removed, father ripping
dota 2 test client got a huge update
slacks got the kennedy space center to sponsor his tournament
rip
did she die?
no real nibbas
alright rip
any real nibbas?
youre gonna have to learn to block these nuts because haHAA, that cant stop two-handed 110
david, have you been eating ass again?
eggcellent
ahhhhh
why did you send a picture of a black man reading a book
digbo
papa blessingh
actually you can meet oliver and danech by olivers house
lel
but its in marina del rey
I'm not sure
not yet
I mean same
any reeel nibbas?
any real nibbas?
thes nussst hahahhhh
theses nuts haHAA
you'd have to pay me to play live
pbe or live?
any real nibbas?
650*
640 without
with ahgs
finger of death has a 625 mana cost at rank 3
any real nibbas wanna play hots?
its too bad hes not rank 1 adc NA
oh doublelift
busy playing that bloodseeker cheese in pubs lul
you're just gonna have to get on pbe right now
live is the definition of incurable cancer
pbe is what league should be
did they make it good?
send bob and bageen
[12:09:11 PM] Miles O'Brien: [12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro
[12:09:17 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:09 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley Wrote:
[12:09:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:09 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; On 10/27/17, at 12:09 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley Wrote:
[12:09:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:09 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; On 10/27/17, at 12:09 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; &gt; On 10/27/17, at 12:09 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley Wrote:
[12:09:34 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: kys
[12:09:44 PM] Milo Amoore: pls
[12:09:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: but what did i write
[12:09:48 PM] Milo Amoore: keepvro[12:09:11 PM] Miles O'Brien: [12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro
[12:09:17 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:09 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley Wrote:
[12:09:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:09 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; On 10/27/17, at 12:09 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley Wrote:
[12:09:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:09 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; On 10/27/17, at 12:09 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; &gt; On 10/27/17, at 12:09 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley Wrote:
[12:09:34 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: kys
[12:09:44 PM] Milo Amoore: pls
[12:09:44 PM] Michael Ba
[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro[12:06:44 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: i saw that
[12:06:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: and want it
[12:07:52 PM] Milo Amoore: same
[12:07:55 PM] Milo Amoore: Keepo
[12:08:02 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: keepvro
[12:08:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: On 10/27/17, at 12:08 PM, Michael Bateman-Shirley wrote:
&gt; keepvro
they unleash the cloudblower 6 million
truly a mastapeece
can I get an amen?
I don't want to see the face of a quitter
until you've eaten their asses
don't come home
eat their asses
find them
do it
David, why aren't you all up in there?
hahah...
come pbe
vro
vro
how is woman
digbo
you remind me of a good support who buys wards and courier
eggcellent meme parsa
the good ones?
they are?
vro...hahah
I was going to dress up as a weeburai 4 halloween
GabeN memes give me life
This is the man all your money goes to
papa bless
watching
GabeN is wathcing
teem thes nuts haAH
ad thse nutshaHAs
trap these nuts haHAA
same
animal
thou art an animla
its me
hello?
they probably eat ass too
David, we found more of your people
8 wekas
papa blessing digbo
amen
can I get an amen?
Just like the meme says
Its ass-eating season
David, you gotta watch out especially
teem thes nuts
I mean same
It'll be a truly blessed day
David, when you get your spot in the Guinness book of world records, let us know
Because we know he eats ass now, and is going to become a grandmaster of eating ass before we know it
google these nuts haHAA
Your e-girl
How will you ever capture your waifu?
David, have you begun your training the art of eating ass?
that's dummy lit
milo
I F  S H E  B R E A T H E S  S H E S  A  T H O T
is she a thot?
theres no shame in that
I mean, atleast David admits he'd be a thot
T H O T  D E T E C T E D
feelsbadman
T I T S  S M A L L E R
shred these nuts haHAA
riot balancing LuL
just add genji, jesus
yeah
he sent me a linkeroni
yeah
papa bless
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Hentai. The romance is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of tentacle physics most of the "action" will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also the nuanced idea of feminimity, which is deftly woven into the visuals - the japanese philosophy of censorship really puts emphasis on imagination. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these ideas, to realize that they're not just erotic - they say something deep about human sexuality. As a consequence people who dislike Hentai truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the eye opening nature of watching Yaoi as a straight male, which only a true intellectual could appreciate without any form of arousal. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as a quintessential part of japanese culture unfolds itself on their computer screens. What fools... how I pity them. 😂 And yes by the way, I DO have a tentacle rape tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- And even they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand.
2 lqate nibbba
get me in there
oh helllllllllllll yeah
ye
Cory in the house?
Cory?
real nibba shit
N I E R  A U T O M A T I C  C A N C E R
just like harambe
don't be mad at the monkey because he's got a long schlongus
like she was a good voice actor
hila's stuff was actually really good
Monkey King Aghs upgrade: Monkey King's brilliant prowess in brewing allows him to open up his bar, called the Monkey King Bar. Any enemy hero in a nearby radius will give 1500 gold to the Monkey King because they will buy his beer and wine. They will also get a half duration Drunken Haze. If a hero can't afford it, they go into debt, granting Monkey King the Monkey King Bar effects on that specific hero until the next time Monkey King uses the ability and they can actually afford it.
It's an instant cast spell with an 800 radius. 100 second cooldown.
Note: Brewmaster pays double and does not get the Dunken Haze effect.
feelsbadman
Post-Traumatic Cuphead Syndrome
PTCS*
PTCHS
damb
old people are fun
dam[B] mars putting in work
those shoes are the height of being a dad
I wasn't aware loafers were gay
what the nibba
that's a meme I can get behind
tom Clancys wildlands
Now
because I value my money
I don't own pubg
alright let me hop on pubg
I mean digbos new server
and by foyer
all real nibbas to the foyer
real nibbas
what is that
upon my mother
fufill these nuts haHAA
#blitzwasaninsidejob
Qt is never old news

What defines a living legend? Is it the countless world-breaking achievements they've gathered throughout the ages? The wondrous feats and acts of absolute marvel they've performed for the masses to spectate in sheer bewilderment? Or is it the benevolent love and warm recollection received from every other organism that exists on this rock we call Earth until the days of recorded history meets its end? There's only one way to find out, and that's right here, right now...
its a win-win meme
yeah, you get to pretend to be Japanese and actually say stuff
haHAA
I studied the way of the word
while you studied the way of the rank
its awesome
yeah right?
but sound as Japanese as you can
say omae wa mou shindeiru into it
ye
and it legit translates stuff
and try to sound japanese
use the verbal google translate thing
I just found the most fun thing to do
holy shit
these nuts were smoky, haHAA 12 btw
He searched and found a cosby hair
He was a cosby fan at heart, its clear
Its beautiful
real shit
I just want to play easy overwatch
you got me
damb
dats what I thought
You got heroes of the storm, mars?
anyone wanna play Heroes?
father of the pepperoni and cheese blessing you
can I get an Amen?
feelsgoodman
because you watched Bulldogs offlane Zeus vid
and know what to do
that feel when you random Zeus, and go offlane
and hearing him say nigga, is one of the most classy uses of the word I've heard
feelsgoodman
over a vaporwave beat
Papa Biggie serenading me with his tight bars and powerful flow
Like
this song is actually lit though
and now ive given up
I fucked it up
damb
NIGGGUH
well now you know
and if you don't know
 His autismus is impressive
I mean, Dan Harmon's strict adherence to the monomyth is truly mind-blowing
Not gonna lie
I mean, Rick and Morty is a pretty complex show
Now that's a name I can get behind
Dam[B]
its pretty cancer
Yeah
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer’s head. There’s also Rick’s nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that they’re not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick &amp; Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn’t appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick’s existential catchphrase “Wubba Lubba Dub Dub,” which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev’s Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I’m smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon’s genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂

And yes, by the way, i DO have a Rick &amp; Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It’s for the ladies’ eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they’re within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 😎
If anyone brings up Rick and Morty theyre gonna get the copy pasta
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer’s head. There’s also Rick’s nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that they’re not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick &amp; Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn’t appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick’s existential catchphrase “Wubba Lubba Dub Dub,” which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev’s Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I’m smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon’s genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂

And yes, by the way, i DO have a Rick &amp; Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It’s for the ladies’ eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they’re within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 😎
by steam
ad
I was actually just given a Dream Daddy simulator
S A G I E  B L Y A T
Dam[B]
this last one is actually good
We're hitting V A P O R levels that shouldn't even be possible
Why is IMAQTPIE such an extraordinarily good player? One might think it's because of his unparalleled reflexes or his deepest understanding of every single detail and its impact on the game. The truth is IMAQTPIE is miles ahead of every single player in the competition when it comes down to the memes. He only harvests the freshest and spiciest memes there are, consequently destroying the enemy players with their second hand memes.
Are you guys doing anything for Halloween?
lemme download that one
its gonna be the hot new format
This video is probably the future of memes
They really do
E X T R A  R A R E
so +10 meme points for that one
and it has the thatistheplan meme face on it
that's a deepfried video michael
Also
Digbo coming with that heat
oh shit
o blessed be
V A P O R  B O Y S
oh ell yeah
Truly, a lyricist of the highest caliber
mother love me long time long time
sucky sucky fucky fucky wonton
Hong Kong Hong Kong wonton Hong Kong wonton
one time one time wonton love me long time
feed on my long schlong go back to Hong Kong gong
I'll send u back to Hong Kong pair a wonton wontonmother love me long time long time
sucky sucky fucky fucky wonton
Hong Kong Hong Kong wonton Hong Kong wonton
one time one time wonton love me long time
feed on my long schlong go back to Hong Kong gong
I'll send u back to Hong Kong pair a wonton wontonmother love me long time long time
sucky sucky fucky fucky wonton
Hong Kong Hong Kong wonton Hong Kong wonton
one time one time wonton love me long time
feed on my long schlong go back to Hong Kong gong
I'll send u back to Hong Kong pair a wonton wontonmother love me long time long time
sucky sucky fucky fucky wonton
Hong Kong Hong Kong wonton Hong Kong wonton
one time one time wonton love me long time
feed on my long schlong go back to Hong Kong gong
I'll send u back to Hong Kong pair a wonton wontonmother love me long time long time
sucky sucky fucky fucky wonton
Hong Kong Hong Kong wonton Hong Kong wonton
one time one time wonton love me long time
feed on my long schlong go back to Hong Kong gong
I'll send u back to Hong Kong pair a wonton wonton
it gives me life
is a great song
Love me long time
We'll get him next time boys
Dam[B]
I THOUGHT YOU WERE A PRACTICING NON FAPIST
BUT DIGBUS
and that's exactly where it should be
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Hentai. The romance is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of tentacle physics most of the "action" will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also the nuanced idea of feminimity, which is deftly woven into the visuals - the japanese philosophy of censorship really puts emphasis on imagination. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these ideas, to realize that they're not just erotic - they say something deep about human sexuality. As a consequence people who dislike Hentai truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the eye opening nature of watching Yaoi as a straight male, which only a true intellectual could appreciate without any form of arousal. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as a quintessential part of japanese culture unfolds itself on their computer screens. What fools... how I pity them. 😂 And yes by the way, I DO have a tentacle rape tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- And even they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand.
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer’s head. There’s also Rick’s nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that they’re not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick &amp; Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn’t appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick’s existential catchphrase “Wubba Lubba Dub Dub,” which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev’s Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I’m smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon’s genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂

And yes, by the way, i DO have a Rick &amp; Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It’s for the ladies’ eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they’re within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 😎
send it all
yes
the Youtube
You have appeased me
It shall suffice
to answer your question Digbo
but yes
A F R I C A
I long to return to my natural habitat
African*
he's my favorite EU Dota 2 player
oh hell yeah
is the sad frog Faker?
I only listen to real music
Im demonetizing your videos
and I'm flagging this video
I'm youtube
That's trademarked
Just like in Overwatch
Feelsgoodman
That meme is beautiful
I'm ready to be spoiled
gotta watch it now
is there a new trailer?
digbus and I are playing heroes if anyone else wants to join
anyone else want to play heroes?
maybe cory?
in the house?
any nibbas?
These are all quotes from the article
invading our subreddit
stealing our memes
master race of “meme experts
ethnic cleansing
 “This is the great meme recession we all feared.”
“My family lost everything".
teem thse nuts
wheres the bee level blizzard?
from the video
top comment
Liked before the video before it even started bc of the fact that I know the man, the myth, the legend himself, imaqtpie will always deliver not only the top quality, but the top of the top best quality content. imaqtpie is truly one of, if not the best League of Legends youtuber this game has ever seen.
anyone want to play HoTS with me and terry?
Absolutlely halal
ye
Cross promotion
good question
S Y N E R G Y
Junkrat actually looks really strong
meme?
the most halal hero to date
Is Cory in the house?
Cory?
any nibbas?
nibba
I love it when someone goes and makes an account just to make an extremely specific comment on a video, papa bless ya Todd Howard
[B]hat [B]o [B]ou [B]ean [B]igga?
[B]e [B]one T H O T
dank maymay
Traps
You're eating T R A P S
Jesus Christ Winnie! That's not honey!
ye
Feelsgoodman
that feel when your vaporwave clothing finally comes in
lol Same
[10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; [10:34:47 AM] Miles O'Brien: Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
Twitch chat finds a way
Twitch chat finds a way
Its just like they say in Jurassic Park
nani?!?!?!?!
any real niggas?
Happy birthday mars
Its a meme
Ye
The new madmax looks good
cory in the house?
real niggas in the house?
lel\
They play ocean man at the end of the video
its me
hello?
yeah, milo never denied that
I lilke the visual aid mars provided
I mean same
kappas
#raiseyourkapps
Danech was almost trapped
"Traps find a way"
Its just like that quote from Jurassic park
cut these nuts haHAA
teem thse nuts haHAAA
youre gonna learn Dota
alright [B]ilo
lol
ele
any real niggas?
any real niggas?
S U C C
succ
bibba
more like
nibba?
lel
any real nibbas?
real nibba hours
study these nuts haHAA
damb
haHAA
these nuts
They don't approve of how absolutely halal it is
We're all about memes around here
did they rework runes yet?
BLESSINGS
you speak
Digbus
DOTA 2 BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
you know what is cool
but
anecdote these nuts haHAA
lol
I'm not there right now tho
maybe
for dnd?
teem?
truly a papa blessing
yeah tomorrow
theres a game on steam that looks really interesting
atleast ill be 20
well
father ripping
It couldn't handle the girth of dotes
ye
nibbas
any real nibbas?
#subtlehintdiego
Diego isn't dead confirmed
[5:07:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: ░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░▐░▀██▌
░░░▄▀░░░░▄▄███░▌▀▀░▀█
░░▄█░░▄▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▐░░░░█▌
░▐█▀▄▀▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▌░░░░░▐█
░▌▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░▌░░░░▄██
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███ 
░░░░░le░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███
░░░░nigga░░░░░░▀▄░░░▐██
░░░░░░has░░░░░░░░▀▄▄███
░░░░░arrived░░░░░░░░░░░░█

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:07:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: ░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░▐░▀██▌
░░░▄▀░░░░▄▄███░▌▀▀░▀█
░░▄█░░▄▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▐░░░░█▌
░▐█▀▄▀▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▌░░░░░▐█
░▌▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░▌░░░░▄██
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███ 
░░░░░le░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███
░░░░nigga░░░░░░▀▄░░░▐██
░░░░░░has░░░░░░░░▀▄▄███
░░░░░arrived░░░░░░░░░░░░█

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:07:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: ░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░▐░▀██▌
░░░▄▀░░░░▄▄███░▌▀▀░▀█
░░▄█░░▄▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▐░░░░█▌
░▐█▀▄▀▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▌░░░░░▐█
░▌▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░▌░░░░▄██
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███ 
░░░░░le░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███
░░░░nigga░░░░░░▀▄░░░▐██
░░░░░░has░░░░░░░░▀▄▄███
░░░░░arrived░░░░░░░░░░░░█

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:07:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: ░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░▐░▀██▌
░░░▄▀░░░░▄▄███░▌▀▀░▀█
░░▄█░░▄▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▐░░░░█▌
░▐█▀▄▀▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▌░░░░░▐█
░▌▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░▌░░░░▄██
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███ 
░░░░░le░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███
░░░░nigga░░░░░░▀▄░░░▐██
░░░░░░has░░░░░░░░▀▄▄███
░░░░░arrived░░░░░░░░░░░░█

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:07:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: ░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░▐░▀██▌
░░░▄▀░░░░▄▄███░▌▀▀░▀█
░░▄█░░▄▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▐░░░░█▌
░▐█▀▄▀▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▌░░░░░▐█
░▌▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░▌░░░░▄██
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███ 
░░░░░le░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███
░░░░nigga░░░░░░▀▄░░░▐██
░░░░░░has░░░░░░░░▀▄▄███
░░░░░arrived░░░░░░░░░░░░█

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:07:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: ░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░▐░▀██▌
░░░▄▀░░░░▄▄███░▌▀▀░▀█
░░▄█░░▄▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▐░░░░█▌
░▐█▀▄▀▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▌░░░░░▐█
░▌▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░▌░░░░▄██
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███ 
░░░░░le░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███
░░░░nigga░░░░░░▀▄░░░▐██
░░░░░░has░░░░░░░░▀▄▄███
░░░░░arrived░░░░░░░░░░░░█

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:07:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: ░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░▐░▀██▌
░░░▄▀░░░░▄▄███░▌▀▀░▀█
░░▄█░░▄▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▐░░░░█▌
░▐█▀▄▀▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▌░░░░░▐█
░▌▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░▌░░░░▄██
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███ 
░░░░░le░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███
░░░░nigga░░░░░░▀▄░░░▐██
░░░░░░has░░░░░░░░▀▄▄███
░░░░░arrived░░░░░░░░░░░░█

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:07:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: ░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░▐░▀██▌
░░░▄▀░░░░▄▄███░▌▀▀░▀█
░░▄█░░▄▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▐░░░░█▌
░▐█▀▄▀▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▌░░░░░▐█
░▌▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░▌░░░░▄██
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███ 
░░░░░le░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███
░░░░nigga░░░░░░▀▄░░░▐██
░░░░░░has░░░░░░░░▀▄▄███
░░░░░arrived░░░░░░░░░░░░█

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░▐░▀██▌
░░░▄▀░░░░▄▄███░▌▀▀░▀█
░░▄█░░▄▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▐░░░░█▌
░▐█▀▄▀▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▌░░░░░▐█
░▌▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░▌░░░░▄██
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███ 
░░░░░le░░░░░░░▐░░░░▐███
░░░░nigga░░░░░░▀▄░░░▐██
░░░░░░has░░░░░░░░▀▄▄███
░░░░░arrived░░░░░░░░░░░░█
now that's something I can get behind
all over my keyboard
Ive already arrived
FUCK YOU
FUCK YOU NIGGA
whoop these nuts
Hey look at me I'm Mr. Meseeks! DOTA 2 BABY!!!!!
father ripping
I have cancer
Living legend and hall of famer Imaqtpie has finally been put to rest, may he find peace in the afterlife where his jungler never ganks and feeds his lane doublebuffs.
cancer
the easter egg hero is actually really awesome
oh shit and theres a secret easter egg hero
half
parasight is a meme and a halg
Ive always wanted a hero with that model
he has the perfect model though
I just wish Koh was a carry and not a support
SPicy new hero memes
seceret of grindr sucks
IT LIED TO ME
It hasn't unlocked, and the store says it unlocks in an hour
Its being an enormous cunt right now
CANCER
ye
jk fam it unlocks in an hour
heh, cameo
and in dishonored
yeah, her cameo in Dishonored 2 was pretty litty
oh helllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll yeah
Its lookin spicy
Death of the Outsider is coming out tomorrow
bless up
pass these nuts
more like shit
pbe?
anyone want to play heroes?
real shit?
Gaben's Secret Stash
all years
best game of the year
kappa
Dota 2 is a game that stressed heavily on microagressing your opponents throughout various avenues of play and situations. This can stem from as far back as character selection and team cohesion/composition. It is vital that dota 2 players take advantage of not only counter picking against certain matchups, but also sealing down their own win conditions and strategy for the match overall. When looking at QT and the gangs initial movements and play, they mistepped in so many directions that the game is almost irreparable at this point in time. For one, they have close to no actual comprehension of how their characters work. This alongside the fact that they do not understand the mechanics of crowd control and queueing up abilities will ultimately set them on the path to defeat.
But I think Scarra is why they aren't winning in dotes
especially mid
I prefer early game dota to league because you can make some spicy plays
harassing someone falls under laning
and then grouping late game and team fighting
I mean, league is literally sitting in lane and trying to outfarm your opponent
yeah, its generally about grouping and utilizing your advantages early
yeah, its generally about grouping and utilizing your advantages early
we won a game yesterday with jett as a carry and parsa and I as supports and we carried the shit out of the game
cooperation
yeah, its about team play
that's if you let the enemy get ahead and basically don't grow a brain and try to kill them by grouping and ganking
if you know youll get a kill or two out of it
so its not terrible
I mean, realistically even in league the enemy wont take the tower incredibly fast early in the game
yeah, but like the concepts are the same, its just the medium that's different
like rotating 2 people to a lane early game and ganking is a really easy way to get kills
and coordinating
like grouping for anything
grouping is just like 100x more effective in general in dota
if you want
you can
theyre getting thrashed by the infamous all-pick pudge
and they aren't counter ganking
they aren't grouping
the boys need to group
ye
yeah
IT REQUIRES A MASTAS TOUCH
the movement and attacks take getting use to though
If you think about basic moba mechanics its intuitive
Its not that unintuitive, you just have to think a bit more
he's playing it like league
he just skilled the wrong abilty
noooooooooooooo
they just actually don't know wtf they are doing
they do have backstory
alright you filthy apes
These damn sharia atheists. Don't they know that baptist Buddhism is the true path for humanity?﻿
New Sseth vid
alright lets get it chopping
that reminds me of wente
Is it time?
praise kek
what kind of nigga shit is this?
cancer
Look at how EFFORTLESSLY pro player Micheal "Imaqtpie" Santana decimates the competition now that Scarra has been removed from the equation, i have read over 300 r/leaugeoflegends threads suggesting that the downfall of deltafox rests on scarra and scarra alone and this game proves E V E R Y T H I N G. If delta fox had listened to reddit pro analysts earlier and cut off the dead weight, maybe Imaqtpie could have had a chance at dragging his team to victory.﻿
7:39-8:02 some of the best editing in a while on a QT vid
IMAQTPIE BABY COMING IN HOT
P R E T T Y  F U N
S O L I D  P U C K
miss me with that autism skype
Thanks Skype
[5:19:51 PM] Skype: You can now respond to your friends with new built-in message reactions: Vote (yes)   Laugh :D   Cry ;(. Just click on the reaction icon next to any message to express how you feel.

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
Its cancer
Bethesda's new way of monetizing mods
creation club
ya ta
saym
DOTA 2 BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
WILL BE PLAYING THE BEST GAME EVER
MEME DREAM TEAM DELTA FOX
NEXT WEEK
OH SHIT
real nibba hours
but you da real mvp
thank
where the HOTS niggas at?
I'm going to make it appear sexy
if I gotta slap a pussy ass nigga
get that sandwich off my dick, that aint right!
G R A V I T A T E
E D G Y
haHAA
same
saym lel
dotes?
kneegrowth
cancer?
teem thes nuts
the CLEANEST Ornn you'll ever see, baby
SPEAK
SPEAK DIGBUS
Wait, he's in this group though
Now that is a rip
I saw Oliver yesterday
digbus
 HOW IS THAT NIGGA?!?!?!?!
My nigga oliver konopek was hittin up digbo last night?
How can you confirm diego is alive?
that's a roast
damn
reem
like
more lik
teem?
oh hellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll yeah
particularly the caprisun one
I appreciate that meme daivd
You friccin fricc
HA
BECAUSE IT ISNT
SirActionSlacks
from the lord of the dank maymays
another spicy hot piping meme
It might as well
lol
either one
or Jew C
Juicy
more like
UC?
oh hell yeah
why suck ass
Yeah SMC started today
Shrooms + Pizza seems like a good combo
I would eat the pizza
haHAA
these nuts
glory of
more like
glory of allah?
good
teem these nuts haHAA
Prey was a pretty good game
cancer
now that's something I can get behind
Quake champions is good
cancer
I mean same
kelthuzad is an assassin
Kel'thuzad next hero confirmed
S U C C
meat?
anyone want to join us for heroes?
teem?
[4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:30:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: I remember syrup sandwiches

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
I remember syrup sandwiches
traps are gay
What can I say except you're welcome
and I memed the entire camp
Yeah I got paid
I was working at a boy scout camp
I wish
from Hell
I've returned
Scarra flexes his solo que muscles in his competitive match against Tempo Storm. But to be honest Scarra is the true play maker. But whether those plays are for his team. Well that's not defined.
spaghetti code lul
lol same
there are enough downies as it is
Don't be down now
I shall play the brawl then
heroes anyone?
swerved
same lol
that's the most premium of memes
frankhole kohn playin league
oh hell yeah
where the clout goggles at
oh helllllllllllllllll yeah
thank you
No
that's some premium cancer
they'll sell you anything
but at the smoke shops
to buy illegal fireworks
you can buy all kinds of shit there
Chinatown is lit
also
ur ghey
its dank
I need that spinner digbo
lel
I have 69 of them
Good memes
post these nuts haHAA
the latest issue of Meme Insider is out
Holy shit
heck yea
yeh, you helped me make it
spicy meem
I'm going to try and write an article for Meme Insider
ye
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequt. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum
cha cha slide
heroes anyone?
cancer
father blessing
You'd have to ask big man tyrone
nibba blease
one of the tensest bideos
I had to make quesadillas
 ye
free at last
just thought we all needed to know that
guys, you're not allowed to have a secret society within scouting
E D G Y A S F U C K
rito releases their first multiclass
Where amongst you are the ones known as team?
heroes anyone?
D A M N .
[B]oneless please
push me to the E D G E
all my bread is dead
whos hyped for the new evil within
Its one of the eight wonders of the world
have you ever seen a guy so drunk, he argues with his own reflection
cause illiterate
didn't read
who art thou to call a jam?
truly blessed
hes got his own youtube channel
yeeeeee
where is place
whats a good spot
idk
the prime way to have kvass
have you tried the kvass yet Michael?
is anyone else bringing anything?
also
david are you coming to the jamboree?
meet up at these nuts
and where will we congregate
who is going to be in attendance
alright ni[B][B]as
I mean, I'd technically drop a hot nickel ball
technical these nuts
L A T E R   A T   N I G H T
apparently there is a firework show at smc or something
alright nibbas
drop a hot nickel ball
Imaqtpie's Wild Ride is a dark ride at Disneyland Park, formerly located at the Magic Kingdom. Originally planned to be a roller coaster, it became a dark ride attraction because Walt Disney only wanted attractions that were appropriate for all ages. It is one of the few remaining attractions that was operational on the park's opening day in 1955 (although the current version of the ride opened in 1983). The ride's story is based on Disney's adaptation of The Wind in the Willows (1908), one of the two segments of the film The Adventures of Ichabod and Imaqtpie (1949). It is currently operating in Fantasyland
ye
probably
oh father of the pepperoni bless
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
shes a good shootist
 A L I T T L E G O O D A T E V E R Y T H I N G
Although at first glance the tone of the vagina is set by thot influenced meat flaps and uninspired inconsistent pubic hair trimming, once you dive into the vagina in depth there's a real sense of depth and warmth that is surprisingly endearing. All in all, I'm going to have to give it a strong 6 to light 9.﻿
that was pretty pogchamp worthy
[b]ame
can I get a [B]oneless pizza please
but there is no cure
its true
violent enough cancer to play heroes
it gives me violent cancer
it has evolved almost beyond our comprehension at this point
Its true
oh hellllllllllll yeah
why spoon?
He's an up and coming rap icon
That was Lil Pump david
this song makes me want to shoot up a school with a knife
Saturday it is
alright
when are we having the jamboree?
Alright team
E D G Y
Greetings, Traveler
H E D G E C A T
I mean, same
He also hates people who do drugs
ye
not today we were meeting
I meant for like when should we plan on meeting
for the jamboree?
when should we convene?
alright
krappa
same
Eggcellent, eggcellent
are you ready to get lit?
is it lit?
[B]avid
This is [B]ompton ni[B][B]a
I gotta renew my card
because a nigga finna get litty
Is everyone back in santa monica?
and I'm lovin it
its the meme dream team
I legit 1 shot normal enemies
the alchemy build in witcher is really op
EYYYYYY LMAO
just like obama
I like him because he's black
why shit
Redbone, received a Semi-Quality Normie Meme rating. With a net meme point total of 100,000 meme points; -500,000 meme points for being incredibly normie in origin, but 600,000 meme points for undergoing severe meme-mutation and being turned from shit into gold by the internet
and they lost lel
Actually the enemy team had a tassadar
tyrande
but it doesn't matter because the support is busted
that feel when you only own 1 support in heroes
yee
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
What is Eric doing to [B]ilo?
papa rip
the Campaign for Dota 2 is actually insane
its Litty fam
same lel
P I Z Z A V A P E
Edited previous message: 
NO VAPING ON THE PIZZA
cancer anyone?
ni[B][B]a [B]lease
papa rpi
haHAA
these nuts
um
these nuts haHAA
hey that's pretty lit
Real 🅱️ggas crack a cold one with the boys, sit back, respect women, watch the video... THEN they partake in an action of dipping motion﻿
I'm actually so hyped to watch this
In 1972, a crack commando unit was sent to prison by a military court for a crime they didn't commit. These men promptly escaped from a maximum-security stockade to the Los Angeles underground. Today, still wanted by the government, they survive as soldiers of fortune. If you have a problem, if no one else can help, and if you can find them, maybe you can hire Deltafox.
papa bless
And if so, was he a rapping snorlax?
Was he snorlax?
deadass
more like
[B]uti?
its ok memelo
papa rip, papa rip
HoTS any1?
HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL YEAH
can I get a hell yeah?
jungle jape these nuts haHAA
temple these nuts haHAA
Malthael's lookin poppin
these people need to be stopped
That's discrimination against memes
That's criminal
haHAA
neutral these nuts
B E A U T I F U L
thanks [B]ars
lele
lek
I have that
oh shit
we coo?
You all need to educate yourselves on how to detect counterfeit pepe's
THE DREAM TEAM IS RUNNING IT BACK?!?!?!
It was him lele
yeah, I just dotabuffed it
I actually just played a game against SirActionSlacks I think
;)
thx bby
Malthael looks pretty strong actually
Thou shalt slam with the best, or thou shalt jammest with the rest
S A M E
That's my friend from New Zealand adjusting to American culture. He doesn't usually stand on bins, but when he does it's to combat homophobia through a method of humour we enjoy thoroughly called 'sarcasm'. This form of humour was first introduced to New Zealand in the late 2000s through imported copies of Friends and Seinfeld (which can now also be experienced in full colour at local movie theaters).﻿
yeeee
finally a kool hero
not yet
ye
time to main malthael
Malthael next hero confirmed
holy shity
Also the techies video made me question my existence and then restored my will to live
top tier shitpost
and LOOK AT ME
get on league you animals
And ill try to make an active effort to say them more
ulu
Illidan and Yasuo are voiced by Liam O'Brien
69 Ways to make cheese at home
they be straight up downies
yeah
Understandable, have a nice day
D E P R E S S E D A N D R E T A R D E D
I'm more of a chaos undivided kind of guy
jk
SKULLS FOR THE SKULL THRONE
BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD
T H I C C
HoTS any1?
The Meme Strikes Back
patch 7.06c is out fam
I think I've seen this one
I don't follow any card game tbh
lel
I don't think its any better than any other card game out there
It says kappa
its a good meme
also this exists
with the good ending for both
i finished the main game a while ago
well I finished blood and wine
feelsgoodman
I just finished Witcher 3
nibba blease
feelsgreatman
krappa
I play shillstone
when Qt finally hits rank 1, the earth shall split asunder, revealing the deepest bowels of Elo hell. Then, from the depths of the shadowy inferno, the words "Doot diddly donger cuckerino haHaa!" shall ring forth.
team?
ye
and let the roasts roll
Damn roasting
Eggxactly
I too believe America to include these places
#freeteamy
he's a downie
He's poppin off
damn, way to roast
Watch these chiggas tweak the fuck out
Space Jam reboot confirmed?
papa bless
[B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B][B]
Patch 7.06b is out boys
lel
NI[B][B]A [B]LEASE
verdict on new heimer: NUTTY
Once every blue moon, the maestro of League of Legends Imaqtpie busts out the Heimerdinger. Don't forget to watch until the end to find out his verdict on the new Heimerdinger changes
lol same
skype these nuts
HoTS anyone?
papa rip
can a man of African descent, call upon his brethren, and organize them into a semi-functioning unit?
If you'd like to contact klan, please dial 310-736-8107
I'm surprised, I usually don't see replays of his
yeee
Axe played by the best Peruvian dota 2 player
Lol
Livin Like Larry
ban these nuts haHAA
hey, that's pretty cool
can you put klan on the line?
is klan here?
is this klan?
its pretty lit
its in the cafeteria
yeah
someone just picked Io on the enemy team too
like it legit said it was a suprise reward
not even joking
IO IS A FUCKING COMPANION CUBE NOW
ITS THE ARCANA FOR IO
I JUST GOT A SURPRISE AWARD FROM THE BATTLE PASS
HOLY SHIT
along with something else
and it also made my day
that's the size of a regular burrito
I just learned theres a $4 burrito at SMC
I'm shook
bruh
 LOOK AT HIM
POW!POW!
GET OFF MY FACE BITCH﻿
How does he do it? A girlfriend, a vacation, impeccable dress, mastery of the sword, AND two accounts in challenger!!! This guy is unreal!﻿
Theres a mod that add FilthyFrank radio to Fallout 4
new kindred sounds lit
krappa
fed af
B E E F
It's suppose to be deliberately cancerous
I'm pretty sure all the shitty aspects of it are deliberate
You mean all the editing?
I'm not sure about this one, Eric... xd
and then he just never did lol
The funny thing is he said he would write most of it
But if he's gonna be a downie about it, I'll be forced to
lol I mean, I'd rather not have to do it
I might have to
and kind of a meme in and of itself
which is also a shitpost
feast your eyes on this eggcellent review
if not
a review of a meme
Have you guys ever watched a meme review?
just our group
yeah
our veganity
ye
I don't want to have to though
but, they could have had like 5 people in it
our group was just us
and I have to do a peer-evaluation thing too and I legit cannot write that he did work unless he does the last tiny things we need to do, because that will be all he'll have done really
while danech was being down
lol I did
that feel when you gotta write a group essay
hoes do tend to get more value
tru
jk I wish I had 3 pizzas
3 pizzas? smh
u a thot
would you drive down then?
what if it was the best pizza in the world?
like on the same pizza
I've never had pineapple and pepperonis pizza though
yeah, I like pineapple pizza
ahh, the classic pizza efficiency dilemma
are they both pepperoni?
what kind of pizza is it?
If I was there though, I would eat the pizza
leleelelelelelelelelelelelelele
I just got back from santa monica tho lel
ye
Many of you out there probably believe fidget spinners are just a toy for kids. You don't know how fucking wrong you are. Fidget spinners were designed for elite athletes, CEOs, and arch-bishops. Kids merely adopted the spinning, we were born in it, moulded by it. I've dedicated my life to fidget spinners. I'm the only truly certified grand master of fidget spinners; 3 time defending world champion WWE belt holder of fidget spinning. So I believe I'm the only one truly qualified to tell you that fidget spinning is a man's sport, a man's man's sport. I was once a boy who became a man thanks to fidget spinning and also natural ageing. Do you wanna know the difference between me and a child? I'm 22 fucking years old, children are usually under 12 depending on what criteria you're gonna use to classify someone as a child so think about that shit next time you see me torpedoing down a slip-and-slide sailing at an atom splitting 68 miles per hour going straight into a fucking brick wall of manliness. How do I stay in top physical form becoming this athletic specimen that scientists can't even fully understand? Well it's all thanks to my work out and diet regimen now it'd make even LeBron James shit his pants. I wake up at 4 am everyday , I drink 3 raw eggs with the side of pancakes with nails sprinkled on top and also a glass of straight uranium, I then grab my favourite fidget spinner: the triple XL gold-plated 25 pound weighted Air-Cutter supreme-extreme maximum turbo overdrive spagooter with pump-action assault-grip as well as extended magazines and a silencer, I've even customised this bad boy with a laser dot sight with a green finish as well as further modifications including hydraulics, 3D printing capability as well as doubling as a fax machine. This is a gadget straight out of MI6, this is right brewed up from fucking Q laboratories- he used to make gadgets for 007 now he's making fidget spinners for me. Do you still think this is a fad for kids you fucking troglodyte? Well I guess if that's how you wanna spin this story, but for me I know the truth, I know that this game was made for men and I've mastered it. I live and breathe fidget spinning. So go ahead, play your boring traditional sports like football and baseball. I'll just be here like a diss-jockey spinning it. Hugh! Sorry about that, just had to dodge another vagina that was just tossed at me, it's not easy being the grand master of fidget spinning.﻿
blessed be, kindred will hopefully become a champion now
that's pretty lit
oh same lol
I wish I had an Imqtpie soundboard
LOOK AT HIM
IS THIS GUY FORREAL?!?!?!?!
same lol
that's pretty lit
ye
Dota got a gaymplay update
he's the flamer league needs
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
#freetyler1
ye
he can't actually stream it, so people spectate his games and stream those lel
ye
Tyler1's stream
cmon man, that's fucked up
haHAA
more like HoTS
roblox?
To be honest Lmaokai's saplings are pretty hardcore. From the moment they are born into this world they have one purpose and they chase that dream till the end until they go out with a bang. Chase on little dude. Chase on.
smae
lele same
rip
HoTS anyone?
feast your earholes on this sonic paradise
^^
not nearly enough
how many burritos do you consume weekly, memelo?
I'm waiting for the 2020 LCS Dignitas team
sven is a good hero in dota
it has 2 thumbs up from me
who lost every match
He looks like a retired boxer
R I C H O F F S T R E A M
W H O I S T H A T C U C K
memes
these nuts haHAA
ni[B][B]as creepin
stay woke
kappa
hell yeah
I found it in the comments section of know your meme
yeah
smacks lips profusely
SO HOL UP HOL UP
steals
SO U BE SAYIN
gets jiggy wit it
SO HOL UP U BE SAYIN
eats a skittle
AYYYOOOO SO U BE SAYIN
checks for nearest KFC
U BE SAYIN
collects welfare
HOL UP HOL UP
licks teeth then smacks lips
AYYOO U BE SAYIN
does the crip walk
SO U BE SAYIN
opens up a 40 and pours some for his homies trayvon and michael brown
HOL UP SO U BE SAYIN
tweets about dis and goes to check in with his parole officer
WE WUZ
dindu nuffins
FINNA WE WUZ
sucks air through teeth
AYYYOOO HOL UP WE WUZ
pulls up sagging pants
SO WE WUZ
instinctively looks around for the police
SO U SAYIN WE WUZ
faints and then gets up repeatedly
SOM FINNA
scopes dem titties
SO WE WUZ
shouts at movie theater screen
SOM FINNA
chucks spear
AYYOOO SOM FINNA
sets down cotton bale
HOL UP
strokes welfare check pensively
WE WUZ
throws up gang sign
SOM FINNA
swings from basket ball hoop
WE WUZ 
grabs dick and shuffles left and right
SOM FINNA
participates in drive by shooting
HOL UP MUH NIGGUH
converts to islam
U SAYIN WE WUZ
repeated world star yelling in background
SOM FINNA
sells crack
KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINGZ N SHEEEEEEEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
evolves from primate﻿
squad these nuts
squad
#Dyrusthinksleagueisgarbageconfirmed
Dyrus says HoTS is more mechcanically intensive than league
L I T
sup niggas
em
read the article and then discuss it in class
lol smae
This is like having shitpost after shitpost injected into your brain
yeah
she seems kind of OP
Its mandatory
I gotta share it
[B]hanks [B]iot
ye
D.va is a hero now in HoTS
lit
mars youre coming back?
oh you confounded kids
papa bless
ni[B][B]as in Paris
Understandable have a good day
Greetings fellows
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
thatd be pretty lit
blast em memelo
Did you break out your gat?
My [B}eanut [B]utter [B]hocolate [B]ake and [B]ool [B]aid
[B]ake
MY PEANUT BUTTER CHOCOLATE CAKE WITH KOOL-AID
that was a good meme milo
it helps you stay awake
drink salt water
King Cunta
papa have mercy
 a fucking blast from the past
ye
they just really rustle my jimmies
oh those kids and their confounded words
is that the new word for damn these days?
feelsbadman
That feel when team is already balls deep without you
theyre already balls deep
noooooooooo
wait fam
one of us
one of us
join us
leeg
join us memelo
ripped
maet?
NI{B}{B}as creepin
So stay woke
I'm trying not to waste my time
My peanut butter chocolate cake with kool-aid
[6:56:11 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; “I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”“I LOVE GOOOOOLD”Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 6:56 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[6:55:51 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:55 PM] Parsa Jour: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I LOVE GOOOOOLDParsa Jour, Today 6:55 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[6:55:18 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:54:31 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:54:03 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:53:45 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:40 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:08 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:50 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:10 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:50:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:53 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:53 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:54 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:54 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[6:54:31 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:54:03 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:53:45 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:40 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:08 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:50 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:10 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:50:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:53 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:53 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:54 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[6:54:03 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:53:45 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:40 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:08 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:50 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:10 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:50:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:53 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:53 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[6:53:45 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:53 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:40 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:08 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:50 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:10 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:50:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:53 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
and never busting
Its like always being on the verge
[6:52:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:40 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:08 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:50 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:10 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:50:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
I dont
that's the problem
[6:52:40 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:52:08 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:50 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:10 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:50:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
[6:52:08 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:52 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:50 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:10 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:50:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:52 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[6:51:50 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:10 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:50:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[6:51:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:51:10 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:50:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:51 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[6:51:10 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5/2/2017 6:50:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[6:50:47 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [6:50 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 6:50 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Puy
Nope
Yup
Yup
Nope
Yup
Nope
Yup
Trippin
Nope
slippin?
Oh hey heavy from overwatch
Bapologies Bellas, Bets Bet Bo Bork
B
apologies fellas, lets get to work
greetings fellas, we on patrol?
same
kappa
when you  need it
where is cancer
on my momma
joy with the squeaky clean roasts
lelelelelele
yeah, my etzy account was blowing up
sorry, ultimate Frisbee went late
ripped
true though
haHAA
lol ripped and donged
ripperoni
was it lit?
how was dnd?
ttub tnereffid
different
 joins us on heroes mars
kappa
oh well rip
and I would never use messenger
because facebook gives me cancer
I got rid of messenger
I do not remember this
whos replacement?
papa blessing you
ripperoni
I just beat the main quest in witcher
same?
same
after genji
D.va is the new Hero in HoTS
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hellllllllll yeah
hell yeah
go to sleep kappa
Is this clan?
is this clan?
clan?
U T H E R R E W O R K E D
the test was easy memelo
lel same
see ya
hellllllll yeah
lol same
It was a good meme by her
yeah lol
it was pretty good
I meant keep his mana costs and stuff, but just make him do true damage
seemsbalanced
they could just make him do true damage
rito downs confirmed?
thank you
brand adc new meta?
autolock pudge mid
for the dank shield
Also build pipe of insight
I just rush BKB to counter vlad
wait, is this the midseason update?
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Vegan pudge would be too strong
learn how the furries were made
we won boys
and same
kappa
i set up so many free kills
oliver is actually pretty trash
aye yo Michael, we goin on patrol?
reem me in my teem
i might as well meme while i lose
blitz it is
lel I'm support
kappa
maybe less
ill be free after like 2-3 gayms
time to lose lp
nice
 in any role
to play
tell me the most meta shit
/color/metal
my rank is but a number
its ok
i know
I said I would play some ranked with oliver though lel
C A N C E L L E D
lel
lelelelelelelelel
did you do the review questions?
why does she do this
kappa
NIBBA BLEASE
ye
pls no
lel
#prayformichael
lol
message these nuts
world class checkers master
1v1 me in checkers
reemed in the kook
reemed
time to get free stuff
now it is lit
lel same
S U C C
Bife is Bough
you looked half Asian and white
blaqanese
blaq
hey hey party people
thoroughly memed?
haHAA
shes a good memer
the last one is good
this is some top tier shitposting
emas
do these nuts
needs to get their facts straight
whoever made it
enema
true
truw
I think she needs to be a shade darker for this to be truw
That's actually a really good point daivd
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
W O N D E R
I cant control myself
I'm sorry
haHAA
THESE NUTS
wishing I had some shrooms
pretty good I guess
pass them here
reem teem?
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
kappa
I SPIT DAT
ye
Oh hell yeah
paap bles
xdxdxdxddxddxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxd
xddddd
the dynamic d0nger himself
White virgin cuck bamboozled with mountain of banana
Call me cousin jeb
I think I get like +20 to folksy or something if I wear these
my suspenders just came and now I just gotta wear them
that feel when you just gotta rock the suspenders
rest in ripperonis
still kind of high
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
yeeeeeeeeee
kappa
trees are people
investigate 3/11
same
Yeah, Ive seen Broad City
emas
#notmyteam
kapa
What the meme
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
ye
C A S S I A B U F F E D
fire it up
pop on it?
time to pop off
ye
Guala
Guala Guala Guala
yeet
Guala Guala Guala
she sounds sassy
ears
Roast our eats
Exactly
Stream XXXTENTACION songs
David
I like to Guala
Thats some next level shit
That's actually a good one
Oh that's a spicy meme
oh rip
David you cant leave
Lawd have mercy on my soul
I didn't think it would do that
LLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLL
krappa
anyone want to play heroes?
oh shit
are we on patrol?
but I like the skin
I don't like the idea of giving riot moneye
should I buy pug'maw?
elelelelelelelelelelelleleleleleelleelelelleellelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelleellelelelelelelelel
[10:33:11 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [10:33 AM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4/20/2017 10:32:56 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [10:32 AM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 10:32 AM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 10:33 AM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[10:32:56 AM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [10:32 AM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Miles O'Brien, Today 10:32 AM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I approve of this spam
apologies fellas, lets get to work
yo whats good Michael, lets do it
we on patrol?
oh shit
This song gave me downs and cured it
Then a soft to flaccid yes
Can they convince me they are female?
It depends
I'd smash too then
My pleasure!
Sorry, corporate's business hours are 5 am - 5pm PST, feel free to leave a message and we'll get back to you as soon as we can :)
Me blacksmith son, me cant figure out how to swing sword
Yeah thats also autistic
But the one thing I think the game does really well is its fast travel
My brand!
and combat can be a buggy piece of shit in this game because they make it follow so many rules and certain things are overly sensitive
Most things in dark souls arent tedious
Because realism generally makes things more tedious
I wouldnt say dark souls is realistic
its not like dark souls realism
because muh realism
The game is terrible, because the characters arent interesting, the writing is really dry, and they lock key aspects of combat behind progressing the main story
But I would keep your day job xd
Thats a good joke
(laugh)
xd
it should be good from the get go, not 2-3 hours in
which is bad
which is bad
but it improves
it is
Time to play kingdumb cum deliveraids
I guess we'll never know
Did I?
I thought you would
What do you think?
He smiles
She grins
I thought so too
I thought you would
What do you think?
!!
no
This.
(sad)
I don’t see Brooj
atleast
Parsa says he wants it to be long
Sounds good
I bet you would
Campaign when?
campaign when?
d
x
That feel when you get 1st place in fistful of frags while high
Krappa
Huzzah!
Woo!
I am intrigued
Next year
Vro...
Hehe
BIG PAPA BROOJ
Which is the term in the dialect of common speak that Brooj’s tribe would use to say yes
Which is the term in the dialect of common speak that Brooj’s tribe would use to say yes
Oh daddy is ready to play Brooj alright
Sey 
(laugh)
Headshot
Krappa 
That's what I said
It do be like it is
Xd
I thought it was Gael
Did you change his name?
And demands to be taken seriously 
He is a person
He is not a meme
xddddddddddddddddd
Oh yes
As Brooj is wont to be
I’m fine with whatever
So are we doing tomorrow or still Monday?
(laugh)
Are you sure?
Something wrong?
Hehe
Ha!
Archer
Monorail!
Accepted
My apologies.
Sarcasm?
No-name
Call me
I do not have one
What's your name?
Are you available now?
Yep
Fair enough.
What do you know?
You never know
I hope so too
It was very difficult 
Thank you!
I am batman!
who's edgy in the group?
so uh
It is good
Very true
pm
because I have a class 6:45-9:50
what time
xd
Yeah I did
A hookah wizard
I am one
I think we are
I am Brooj......Majuul.......
vro......
xd
no
and I also have a thing then
we're doing the other one tomorrow
I may have to leave at one point
yeah
definitely not
is it W H O L E?
is it complete
is the campaign done?
oh bless up
I mean hazy abyss
WE MUST VENTURE INTO THE UNDERDARK
THATS NOT EVEN CAMPAIGN
but that's not a campaign Michael.....
you need some bone helping juice
seems good
yeah
memelo camp pain when?
alright nice
memelo campaign tomorrow at 3?
alright, dnd canceled
WE AWAIT YOUR INPUT
SPEAK
MEEMlo
Michael said he could
I think everyone can make it
yeh
O O F
are you busy smashin?
jett succ
Michael where u at?
Michael join us
oh eggcellent
campaign when
memlo
its spring semester now, hence why milo has classes
That was during winter semester
but it takes an hour to get home
I only have one class and its the early one
No, Thursday I'm free after 8:05 am
schleep
hahah...
I sleep vro...
Jett dota 2 exists for that reason
that evens better
perfect
we need 1 more to effectively int
what lvl is ur smurf
memelo
u
I think I added
alright
lul
anyone wanna join us on their smurfs and meme around?
is it time to lose more in ranked?
Camp anus juan
but yeah
I was thinking of something else
know
you know what I really wanna
But
hey I mean same'
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
v
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:38:20 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: fucked up for a man

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; v
[5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; [5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby.

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[5:33:30 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: it's Bing Crosby

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
But I thought you were dead
Godfrey?
David, you cant just tease us with the tiki mask like that
[4:35:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:35 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:35 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:35:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:35 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:35 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:35:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:35 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:35 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:35:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:35 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:35 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:35:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:35 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:35 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:35:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:35 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:35 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:35:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:35 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:35 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:35:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:35 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:35 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:35:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:35 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:35 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:35:22 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:35 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:35 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:34:33 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “nigger”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:34:04 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:34:04 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger&lt;&lt;&lt; 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; v
[4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:32:42 PM] Ride Along 2: With Ice Cube and Kevin Hart: nigger

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:33:07 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:33 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:32:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: [4:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:31 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:31:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:31:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:31:43 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:31:26 PM] Milo Amoore: : ^)&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 4:31 PMMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 4:32 PMMiles O'Brien, Today 4:32 PM&lt;&lt;&lt; Miles O'Brien, Today 4:33 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32:51 PM] Miles O'Brien: [4:32 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:31 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:31:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:31:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:31:43 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:31:26 PM] Milo Amoore: : ^)&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 4:31 PMMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 4:32 PMMiles O'Brien, Today 4:32 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:32:41 PM] Miles O'Brien: 
[4:32 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:31 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:31:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:31:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:31:43 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:31:26 PM] Milo Amoore: : ^)&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 4:31 PMMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 4:32 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 

[4:32:04 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:31 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [2/4/2018 4:31:56 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:31:52 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:31:43 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [2/4/2018 4:31:26 PM] Milo Amoore: : ^)&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt; Michael Bateman-Shirley, Today 4:31 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
I feel my color
A weapon to surpass Metal gear
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: “[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”“[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&amp;lt;&amp;lt;&amp;lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM”

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:45 PM] Miles O'Brien: &lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM
[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM
[4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM[4:27 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
v[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [4:27:19 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [4:26 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see itMiles O'Brien, Today 4:26 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
I cant see what youre typing Michael, so Ill assume youre typing color, because I cant see it
I just see amorphous blobs that make sound
I don't even see people
I don't see color
I just want you to know
Guys
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; v
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; v
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; v
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; v[3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; [3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM[3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM[3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM[3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM[3:36 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt;  my bonerMiles O'Brien, Today 3:36 PM
is killing my boner
guys, this talk of engines
oh you finally on those Scary Hours?
Oh you finally on that sad boy Drake life now?
If a melon hating, call him big papaya.﻿
This meme is one of the best prequel memes ive seen
I'm really in this bitch
I'm really a human being
Do you ever look in the mirror and go
MY DICK
PST for invite
and a smurf to play on
must have an account that has a 2 week ban
LF ranked duo partner to climb into the shitpile that is league ranked
[1:55:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [1:54 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; you cant ban these nutsMiles O'Brien, Today 1:54 PMMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 1:54 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:55:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [1:54 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; you cant ban these nutsMiles O'Brien, Today 1:54 PMMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 1:54 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:55:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [1:54 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; you cant ban these nutsMiles O'Brien, Today 1:54 PMMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 1:54 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:55:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [1:54 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; you cant ban these nutsMiles O'Brien, Today 1:54 PMMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 1:54 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:55:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [1:54 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; you cant ban these nutsMiles O'Brien, Today 1:54 PMMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 1:54 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:55:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [1:54 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; you cant ban these nutsMiles O'Brien, Today 1:54 PMMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 1:54 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:55:00 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [1:54 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:54 PM] Miles O'Brien: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; you cant ban these nutsMiles O'Brien, Today 1:54 PMMichael Bateman-Shirley, Today 1:54 PM

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
you cant ban these nuts
Has science gone too far?
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
v
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 

v
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 



[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
v
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; [1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
v
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
v
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
v
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
[1:40:05 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: 

&lt;&lt;&lt; 
He's busy experiencing Todd Howard 4: Fallout
YeH
Diego where is your character?
sea of thieves tbh looks pretty lit
oh hell yeah
there are
yes
I just really want to hear how Braccus sounds tho
v
isn't it just the spell buffing amulet?
brb
niet
So its treason then?
so sunday?
But if I know ahead of time I can plan
I mean, I'm techinically free any day, but I might end up being busy just for this week
because I may not be able to make it/ I might be able to depending on when we decide to do it
what day is dnd
OmegaLuL
wemen
u fell for it
u friccin bozo
eggxactly
u fuckin bonobo
no its for real
I beat on my dick like a tambourine
ye
yeah its tomorrow
to all the nibbas in the chat with feed and jayce
ye
Wait what time is DnD tomorrow?
vro...campaign vroooooo....
yeh
I can do sat/sun
I'm liking the map though ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Because there are some unnamed places and one of my lore places is missing ( ͡° ʖ̯ ͡°)
Is the map still a work in progress?
I see some of my lore places ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
eyyyyyyyy
mars' sense of character development by creating interesting conflicts is strong
it does
ye
Yeah, I think our group is a match and if not, it will be an interesting encounter nonetheless
gotta get that info
after a bit of torture of course
Yeah, I think we just find her and murderize her
I'm pretty sure she is the key to the higher ups
ye
yeh
eggxactly
South by land it is
I thought we were going to pursue the Legate
NI[B][B]A
wait whats in the south again?
oh EGGCELLENT
yeh
Unka unk shall join us for the next session I believe
feelsgoodman
UNLIMITED POWAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Didn't we choose 1:30 so that mars can make it?
Have this picture
SUCK MY NON TEAMING DICK
ULU
Lmao
wait
alright let get david's character ready
exactly
and you just have to play
we make a character for you
heres a better idea
actually
alright david get your character ready its gonna be a doozy
did you finally make a character to join us?
david
wait
id be down, because we'd have a more complete group then
couldn't we do it earlier in the day tomorrow ?
I'm just sayin it so meemlo doesn't have to
suck my non responsive dick
SAVE THE PUNS
SAVE THE DREAM﻿
MAEK GUD CAMPAGIN MILO
IS CAMPAIGN GUD?
so is DnD tomorrow?
I am free saturday
yeh
early morning/ at night
I'm busy at noon tho
Micahel shall you be in attend?
I saw that too
B E R R Y nice david
digbus why
alright
wait when are we starting?
ye
but more orcish
O O F
yeah that's pretty accurate
of course
someones on top of things around here
thank you
succ my dicc
these nuts
wheres your character
david
true true
????
doesnt that mean he cant use the website
if he doesn't have internet
oh wait
Is Michael joining us or is he dead?
I can do today as well, I don't think I can do saturday
incredible
alrighteroni
My class ends at 4:00
but it is unknown
perhaps earlier
I wont be home until like 5
“Yeah, dis a fucking banger nigga.” - Obama﻿
No need to become uncivilized apes looks at Mars pointedly
For my lady's PAINting
Mars, you need to chill
Not gonna lie, that's what I did
If you really don't want to get gud it, I would just cheese him with the twinblades
It's literally just about being patient
Gael's fight was straightforward, and very much about not greeding out
Miyazaki can't keep the money at bay for too long
I'm sure they will make another one
They literally looked at what made Dark Souls Dark Souls and then changed the names of most things so they could try and explore different themes that weren't consistent with the first one
League's philosophy of change for changes sake is aids
League's philosophy of change for changes sake it aids
That's better
That's what I like to see
In fact I theorize he does
It wouldn't surprise me if he existed in a different plane of existence
You guys really gotta hang with Philip he's such a hype [B]ool
This is some retrograde autism I've just read
I'm always down to cletus
because the week we chose I have an out of class essay, while the next week its in class so I don't need to worry about turning something in over the weekend
we campin?
If its really too much hassle don't sweat it
We're just riding ur dick because we want you to come mars
Wait mars we moved the dates so that you'd be able to come
So we're not doing it
Because we're down to plan it out if everyone else is going full autismo
Perhaps you've seen it, maybe in a dream.A murky, forgotten land.A place where shrooms may mend your ailing mind.You will lose everything...... once Branded.The symbol of the stoner.An augur of dankness.Your past. Your future. Your very light.None will have meaning, and you won't even care.By then, you'll be something other than human.A thing that feeds on smoke.A Hollow who tokes.Long ago, in a walled off land, far to the north, a great king built a great kingdom.I believe they called it Angeles National Forest.Perhaps you're familiar.No, how could you be.But one day, you will stand before its decrepit gate.Without really knowing why...Like a moth drawn to a flame.Your weed will burn in anguish.Time after time.For that is your fate.The fate of the high.
Perhaps you've seen it, maybe in a dream.A murky, forgotten land.A place where souls may mend your ailing mind.You will lose everything...... once Branded.The symbol of the stoner.An augur of dankness.Your past. Your future. Your very light.None will have meaning, and you won't even care.By then, you'll be something other than human.A thing that feeds on smoke.A Hollow who tokes.Long ago, in a walled off land, far to the north, a great king built a great kingdom.I believe they called it Angeles National Forest.Perhaps you're familiar.No, how could you be.But one day, you will stand before its decrepit gate.Without really knowing why...Like a moth drawn to a flame.Your weed will burn in anguish.Time after time.For that is your fate.The fate of the high.
[5/11/2018 11:05:55 PM] Michael Bateman-Shirley: [5/11/2018 10:54:15 PM] Miles O'Brien: We still camping or has it been cancelled?&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;&lt;&lt;
In the Age of Ancients the world was unformed, shrouded by fog. A land of gray joints, Ashtrays, and Everlasting Dickheads. But then there was Weed and with weed came disparity. Toke and cough, life and death, and of course, rip and chop. Then from the dank, They came, and found the Souls of Lords within the Weed. Michael, the First of the Dank, The Witch of Memelo and his Daughters of Chops, Mars, the Lord of Lighters, and his faithful stoners. And the Furtive Philip, so easily forgotten.With the strength of Lords, they challenged the Dickheads. Mars's mighty tokes peeled apart their thick hides. The Witches weaved great smokestorms. Michael unleashed a miasma of dank and wheeze. And Diego the Thiccness betrayed his own, and the Dickheads were no more.Thus began the Age of Weed. But soon the flames will fade and only Dark will remain. Even now there are only embers, and man sees not weed, but only empty bowls. And amongst the smoking are seen, carriers of the accursed Danksign.Yes, indeed. The Danksign brands the smoking. And in this land, the smoking are corralled and led to the Angeles Forest, where they are locked away, to await the end of the world... This is your fate.Only, in the ancient legends it is stated, that one day an smoking shall be chosen to leave the smoking asylum, in pilgrimage, to the land of ancient lords, Lordran.
In the Age of Ancients the world was unformed, shrouded by fog. A land of gray joints, Ashtrays, and Everlasting Dickheads. But then there was Weed and with weed came disparity. Toke and cough, life and death, and of course, rip and chop. Then from the dank, They came, and found the Souls of Lords within the Weed. Michael, the First of the Dank, The Witch of Memelo and his Daughters of Chops, Mars, the Lord of Lighters, and his faithful stoners. And the Furtive Philip, so easily forgotten.With the strength of Lords, they challenged the Dickheads. Mars's mighty tokes peeled apart their thick hides. The Witches weaved great smokestorms. Michael unleashed a miasma of dank and wheeze. And Diego the Thiccness betrayed his own, and the Dickheads were no more.Thus began the Age of Weed. But soon the flames will fade and only Dark will remain. Even now there are only embers, and man sees not weed, but only empty bowls. And amongst the smoking are seen, carriers of the accursed Danksign.Yes, indeed. The Danksign brands the smoking. And in this land, the smoking are corralled and led to the Angeles Forest, where they are locked away, to await the end of the world... This is your fate.Only, in the ancient legends it is stated, that one day an smoking shall be chosen to leave the smkoing asylum, in pilgrimage, to the land of ancient lords, Lordran.
yes indeed. it is called lothric where the transitory lands of the lords of cinder converge. in venturing north the pilgrims discovered the truth of the old words: "the fire fades and the lords go without thrones." when the link of the fire is threatened the bell tolls unearthing the old lords of cinders from their graves... aldrich saint of the deep... farron's undead legion the abyss watchers... and the reclusive lord of the profaned capital yhorm the giant... only in truth... the lords will abandon their thrones... and the unkindled will rise. nameless accursed undead unfit even to be cinder. and so it is that ash seeketh embers
I don't remember what video I saw that on
Shiiiiiieeeet, I'd have the hottest pickin song
I'd take the deal
That's understandable
You're gonna have to git gud to see that res
I'm turning 21 this year mars
"No" - the others
I'll speak on their behalf
I'm gonna beat those cheeks
MArs if you don't roll a super joint right now
I am good whenever
uhhhhhhh ghey
he's coming back
no
super
more like
super dead?
reinterpret S U C C
bless up
because every important person and their mom seems to run into us OmegaLuL
But that's his real name
Yeah
His name was Gilderion
I didn't realize it was, until all the women decided to do their obligatory posts
OmegaCucked
I give her one clap out of eaze
well played, well played
The person who played both sides and therefore got twice the dick for it
I think there is
theres only one winner here
I mean, youre not wrong
The one got cucked
That poor boy
I felt very awk
me too
OMEGALUL
Digbo in call with Lucas
B E R R Y nice
B E R R Y cool
Why is Gemi writing a song?
RYAN COOGLER IS A FUCKING NI-
T'challah is suppose to win
This isn't how Black Panther was suppose to end
I free
HyperLuL
LuL
downie*
because I'm not a dowie
and by down I mean up
I'm down
alrighteroni
It danech birthday
I don't think I can do friday
oh wait guys
and loudly beat my dick (like a cello, of course)
sit quietly
Coronation*
My jimmies are just in a rustle because I'm ready to tear it up at the feast
Campaign when?
who wanted to fuck every female and shemale
I mean, he's fairly tame for a thot
I dab on thee
As Duke of the Northeastern Empire
keep up the good work fellas
yeh
Yeah, I don't have a problem with that
I just don't think they should be classified as elves though is what I'm saying, because that doesn't really explain what they are. They seem like they are much more than elves given their capabilities.
yeah, that's what I mean
in the context of this world
I just don't like that they're elves, because that seems strange
I'm really talking about the eladrin at this point
I just think there's a fine line with making something interesting but powerful, and making something grossly overpowered and therefore uninteresting
That just casts them as tragic heroes who did what their gods bid, and doesn't acknowledge all the benefits they get literally just for being elves
Not necessarily
exactly
They're boring because their gifts are a given
That's literally everything I just described though
Yeah, world-threatening threats like rogue gods
I think Parsas quote is actually more descriptive of elves, because elves never had to struggle for what they had, they were born with it and the only time they struggle is when they encounter something that can challenge their inherent power (which is almost always some kind of world-ending apocalypticesque thing)
Elves are many different things to many different people, but it's important to remember the one thing elves always are: better. Better than you, me, and even other elves. Especially other elves.
there's no beating around the bush on that point
Elves are gay
B I G  H O M O S E X  E L V E S
E L V E S  H A V E  B I G  G A Y
S U C C
B I G  G A Y
right now
my internet is down
so
I just need to be done by like 7:30
actually 2 is good
because I just remembered I have a thing saturday
actually, could we do the session on Saturday earlier than 2?
D E  D E V AL
Did parsa study the bestiary?
yeah
C O M E  T O  M E,  M O O N   A N D   S T A R
lines*
we need to find a way to incorporate using Dagoth Ur's line from morrowind in the campaign somehow
u good
mars
big gay
Its literally a western story written by Japanese people
Berserk is the least weebish manga
and Griffith becomes a demon god
When guts loses his arm
It was the demonic one
Caska's was hotter &gt;.&gt;
It was suitably dark for the setting
Yeah
so I'm cool with pretty much anything
I like Berserk
O O F
Theres a fine line to tread in terms of length
that's what I mean
I don't mind the majority of session, but I feel like more than 1 or 2 sessions makes it get boring a bit
By dungeon crawl do you mean long drawn out dungeon dive or just going into a dungeonesque setting in general
is there a third option?
Lul
You subhuman baboon. You literal nigger.

How dare you speak, you swarthy jungle monkey. How dare you open your big lipped, rim encrusted, menthol cigarette smelling mouth?

You are human trash, Diego Tyrone LeShawn de Maradona. Universally despised, derided and mocked. Your nationality and skin tone offers no hope to the world that South America can ever prosper. Crawl back in to the Brazilian jungle you came out of, you literal orangutan.

I hope you decide to sail your grandfathers skip to the Falklands and rape some sheep, as is in the negroes nature. It would still be the whitest pussy you ever had. Give Nigel and Robert a chance for some target practice, your sole use to the world. Argentinians obsession with a few windswept islands in the Atlantic is hilarious but sad. Coincidentally its the only worthwhile contribution Argentina has made to the medical field. The MUH LAS MALVINAS sentiment in the average negro Argentinian is both an early warning sign of autism in children, and early on set Alzheimer's in adults.

Take your black hairy fingers off your keyboard, and never talk about the human species again, you mockery of our supposed shared ancestor.. No amount of olive oil and wheat flour slabbed on your face every morning will make you white. It's about as delusional of an idea as your daydreams of European heritage.

You nigger.

You make Bolivia look like a beacon of civilisation.

You are the Baltimore of South America.

Go fertilise the pampas with you and your families corpses, its the best you can hope for in life. For the first time in your life, nigger, you have a job making food for beings vastly superior to yourself. Uruguayan cattle. Coincidentally, it would be the first time an Argentinian "man" provided for a family.

Die, Diego. No one would miss you. Except for Australian Aboriginals, who now would have no one to make them look good.
smacks lips profusely

SO HOL UP HOL UP

steals

SO U BE SAYIN

gets jiggy wit it

SO HOL UP U BE SAYIN

eats a skittle

AYYYOOOO SO U BE SAYIN

checks for nearest KFC

U BE SAYIN

collects welfare

HOL UP HOL UP

licks teeth then smacks lips

AYYOO U BE SAYIN

does the crip walk

SO U BE SAYIN

opens up a 40 and pours some for his homies trayvon and michael brown

HOL UP SO U BE SAYIN

tweets about dis and goes to check in with his parole officer

WE WUZ

dindu nuffins

FINNA WE WUZ

sucks air through teeth

AYYYOOO HOL UP WE WUZ

pulls up sagging pants

SO WE WUZ

instinctively looks around for the police

SO U SAYIN WE WUZ

faints and then gets up repeatedly

SOM FINNA

scopes dem titties

SO WE WUZ

shouts at movie theater screen

SOM FINNA

chucks spear

AYYOOO SOM FINNA

sets down cotton bale

HOL UP

strokes welfare check pensively

WE WUZ

throws up gang sign

SOM FINNA

swings from basket ball hoop

WE WUZ

grabs dick and shuffles left and right

SOM FINNA

participates in drive by shooting

HOL UP MUH NIGGUH

converts to islam

U SAYIN WE WUZ

repeated world star yelling in background

SOM FINNA

sells crack

KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINGZ N SHEEEEEEEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT evolves from primate﻿
S U C C me
These maps convey scale better I think
I can do it
